"The Erotic Mind-Control Story Archive
What’s New · Titles · Authors · Categories · Readers’ Picks · FAQ · The Garden of MC · MC Forum
Story: Hypnotism, Hose, and High Heels
Author: Anonymous-014
    1 of 4 →
HYPNOTISM, HOSE, AND HIGH HEELS
CHAPTER ONE: A HORNY HOMECOMING...
It was late spring in the year of 1958, and the weather in the Midwest was unseasonably cool. This was particularly true in St. Louis, Missouri. Thus, the two women waiting at the passenger terminal at Lambert Airport had been obliged to wear light jackets when venturing from home.

The two woman varied widely in age, yet there was a definite similarity in their appearances that spoke mute testimony to their being related. And indeed they were. The tall, statuesque, gray-haired elderly woman was Agatha Etheridge, wife of the late, renown chemist, Dr. Percival Etheridge, and now the sixty-four-year-old matriarch of the Etheridge family. Beside her, the buxom, forty-two-year-old brunette was Martha Etheridge, her daughter-in-law, the widow of her son, the late, noted psychologist, Dr. Fenton Etheridge.

Clearly, the two women were awaiting a visitor. They were standing at Gate 12, where the deplaning passengers of Flight 201, from Frankfurt via London, would emerge. They were waiting for the only surviving male Etheridge. This was Frank Etheridge, twenty-four-year-old son of Martha Etheridge and grandson to Agatha Etheridge. His plane had just arrived.

Frank had been gone for two years after finishing medical school at Washington University. He was going to be a psychiatrist like his father, and he had opted to study abroad in Europe. He had attended courses at prestigious universities in Vienna, Austria, and Cologne, Germany, and had earned his advanced degree in psychiatry. Now, he was finally returning home to open up a psychiatric practice.

Thus, grandmother and mother were quite excited at finally being reunited with their beloved grandson, son, and nephew after so long an absence.

The elderly society matron, Agatha, whose lined face beneath her heavy makeup bespoke her old age, but whose carriage was queenly and whose heavily buxom, still shapely form was shown off to advantage in a clingy, black evening dress, misty black hose, and black pumps, now said, “Where is the dear boy? I see the passengers coming from the holding area now.”

Her busty daughter-in-law, well turned out in a gray skirt and blazer, smoky gray hose and dark gray pumps, not to mention a fawn sweater that was stretched tightly over a bosom of simply mountainous proportions, despite the restrictive brassier she wore beneath, replied, “Patience, mother-in-law...it’s a big plane...one of those new Boeing 707s. We’ll have to look sharp for him in that mob of passengers.”

Then Martha cried, “There he is—there’s Frank!”

Agatha looked in the direction Martha was pointing. Neither grandmother nor mother at first recognized the burly, black-haired, chisel-featured young man walking toward them attired in a charcoal gray double-breasted suit. His complexion was dark, like his mother’s. His eyes were dark and oblique with a peculiarly piercing power in their gaze.

“It is my Frank—but how he’s grown!” Martha Etheridge cried, staring at her approaching son. “He’s a man now—and the image of dear Fenton. The very image! For a moment...I thought...”

“I know,” her elderly mother-in-law finished for her, her eyes too fixed on the figure of her grandson. “I too thought my dear Percival had come back from the dead. I miss him so—just as I know you miss Fenton. But at least we have a reminder of them in young Frank.”

“Oh, we do!” Martha replied, gushing, staring at her son who was rapidly closing the distance between himself and his three womenfolk. “I’m so glad he’s home!”

“As am I,” replied her gray-haired mother.

“Hello, Mother...Grandmother...” Frank smiled.

“Come here this instant, young man, and give your mother a kiss,” Martha said with a mock frown, opening up her arms.

“And don’t forget your grandmother, either, when you’re passing out those kisses,” Agatha lovingly admonished her grandson as he now embraced and kissed his mother.

For a time, hugging and kissing his two female relatives, grandmother and mother completely consumed the young man’s attention. Finally his mother handed him a handkerchief. “Now, dear, wipe that lipstick off your face,” she told him, maternally. “My, I guess we did overdo the welcome, dear. You’re all flushed!”

“Now, now,” Agatha admonished. “Frank has had a long trip, and he’s just tired.”

Indeed, the young man’s manner was visibly agitated from the experience of kissing and embracing his mother and grandmother. As he wiped their lipstick from his lips and cheeks, he took a deep breath that seemed to settle him somewhat.

A close and impartial observer would have noticed that the young man was quivering slightly—and that he carefully buttoned the bottom button of his suitcoat to prevent his female relatives from espying the state of his trousers. But his paternal grandmother and mother were oblivious to anything but the joy of reuniting with their sole male family member.

“It’s a shame your Grandmother Edna couldn’t be here to greet you as well,” Martha mentioned. She referred to her own mother, Frank’s sixty-two-year-old maternal grandmother. “But she’s at a Daughters of the American Revolution convention in Baltimore. She sends her love.”

“Well, I’m sorry to miss her,” Frank said, returning his mother’s handkerchief to her.

“Are you hungry, Frank?” Marthe asked changing the subject. “Your grandmother booked a reservation at the Chase Park Plaza Hotel restaurant!”

“That’s wonderful!” Frank smiled his appreciation to his paternal grandmother, who smiled back.

“I thought for your first night back home we’d celebrate a bit,” she told him. Now, she consulted a thin, expensive gold wristwatch. “In fact, we’d better collect your bags and be on our way. We only have twenty minutes until our reservation.”

In fact, it was nearly a half hour later before the four Etherideges were able to arrive at the hotel restaurant. However, Agatha was well-known in St. Louis society and the mater d’ was most understanding. Soon, Frank, his mother, Martha, and his paternal grandmother, Agatha, were seated around a table in the hotel’s main dining room, enjoying a festive repast.

Unnoticed by his womenfolk, Frank had been covertly eyeing them. His covert stares were oddly intense.

There was his middle-aged mother, a brunette whose slightly olive complexion bespoke some Mediterranean blood somewhere in the family. Instead of a hat, she wore a fashionable red satin and lace turban that covered most of her hair, which was raven black with just a trace of gray. Her face was angular, with high cheekbones and a dimpled chin. Her eyes were deep black and large, with heavy lips, giving her a slight gypsy-like appearance, while her thick, bee-stung lips were sensual. Most noticeable about her was her extraordinarily large bosom—his mother’s breasts were two massive mounds stretching her thin sweater. Those magnificent breasts were shaped into twin cones by her brassier—a 44D-cup at least. Frank’s eyes lingered at his mother’s big bosom.

Then there was his elderly grandmother—and Frank seemed most agitated when he covertly eyed her. Her face was lean, and lined, with an aristocratic nose and sharp chin. But her lips were full and ripe, and her eyes, as blue as the sky, were lively and well as lovely. She wore her hair, once black but now dark gray, in an attractive coiffeur atop her head. Despite the lines on her forehead, and crow’s feet at her eyes, and slight double chin, hers was still a striking visage. Like her aunt, she had a large bosom, only even larger, a 48-D cup at least. His grandmother’s massive mounds seemed ready to burst out from her somewhat low-cut gown.

The young man, who seemed oddly agitated by his mother and grandmother’s caressing words and looks, spoke. “Well, I brought back presents from Europe for both of you.”

“Well, I think it’s just the loveliest thought,” Martha said.

“I agree,” Agatha added, beaming at her grandson. “It’s a very tender thought—giving each of us our own little reunion.”

Strangely, the buxom elderly matron’s words seemed to agitate her grandson. But he managed to suppress his reaction. “So, Mother,” Frank said, changing the subject adroitly, “is the old house still standing?”

With that, his mother replied. In the middle of her talk, Frank dropped his fork. With a muttered apology, he dived under the table to retrieve it. His mother and grandmother had moved on to other topics, and ignored the incident.

But the fork-dropping was no accident. It was quite deliberate.

As his grandmother and mother talked above the table, beneath the table, hidden by the red velvet tablecloth, Frank was not searching for his fork. He was instead staring avidly at two pairs of shapely female legs in sheer nylon stockings and high heeled pumps—the nylon stockinged legs and pump-shod feet of his middle-aged mother—and his elderly grandmother...

The young man’s eyes glittered strangely as he ogled his mother’s—and his grandmother’s—shapely knees, curving calves, and trim ankles, all smooth and glossy in sheer nylon stockings, their stockinged feet arched prettily in high heeled pumps. The sight of those shapely female legs in sheer hose and high heels galvanized him.

For, in fact, Frank was in the grip of a intense sexual excitement, a fetish, for nylon stockings, high heels, garters, and lingerie, a fetish he had accidentally formed as a boy spying on his mother and grandmother dressing. As he ogled his his mother’s and his grandmother’s legs in nylon stockings and their feet in high heels, he analyzed his fetish reaction professionally and clinically, as his psychiatric training had taught him to. Even so, he still felt the hot fever of his fetish for hose and high heels rise in him.

His middle-aged mother’s legs, were lusciously, heavily curved. Those maternal legs glowed in sheer, smoky gray shaded nylon stockings, her alluringly curved dark hosed legs rendered even more shapely by the high heels of her black pumps.

Then, his elderly grandmother’s legs in sheer hose and high heels...

Frank felt his heart pound in his chest as he stared at the legs of his own gray-haired grandmother, beautifully shaped legs despite her age, legs that glittered darkly in the ultra-sheer, misty black tinted nylon stockings she wore, her stockinged feet arched exquisitely in stiletto-heeled black opera pumps. The very thought that those glossy, sheer stockinged legs were those of his own elderly grandmother made the young man almost sick with a strange, bizarre arousal.

Beneath the table, Frank gazed at his elderly grandmother’s legs in the sheer nylon stockings...

Beneath the table, Frank gazed at his elderly grandmother’s legs in sheer nylon stockings. His temples pounded with his depraved, fetishistic arousal. Yes...after years overseas, he still was aroused by his own aunt’s, his own mother’s, even his own grandmother’s legs in hose and heels...only now it was different...he could do more than just secretly ogle them...he would possess them...he had found a way...a very special way...

Then, suddenly, his elderly grandmother crossed her nylon stockinged legs before his eyes. The confined space beneath the table filled with the electric whisper of those elderly legs in those sheer stockings rubbing together. It was a cock-hardening sound. His elderly grandmother’s dress hem slipped on the smooth film of her stockings and suddenly Frank could see high up his grandmother’s dress, could espy her heavy, nyloned thighs, up to the very tops of her stockings, and even beyond...her snowy upper thighs above the dark stocking tops....

Sweat beaded on his forehead as he stared at the taut, welted tops of his grandmother’s nylon stockings so high up her thighs. He could even see the chrome buckles of her garter belt suspenders clipped to those stocking tops. The sight of his grandmother’s elderly upper thighs in stocking tops and suspenders made the young man tremble, hard. Almost involuntarily, his right hand rose and began to reach toward his grandmother’s crossed nyloned knees...

“Son?” his mother’s voice floated down to him from the table above. “What are you searching for down there—buried treasure?”

The young man popped up into his seat, fork in hand. “I just found it,” he explained.

“Frank, are you all right, dear?” his mother asked him. “You’re flushed and sweating.”

“Well, it’s a bit warm down there,” Frank temporized.

“Well, dear boy, you need a new fork,” his grandmother intervened, signaling to the waiter.

The three resumed their meal.

At the home of Martha Etheridge, the grandfather clock in the foyer chimed eleven times.

In the guest bedroom a floor above, Frank heard those chimes, for he was still wide awake. He had tossed and turned for hours, and finally gave up and switched on his bedside lamp.

The young man was suffering from a combination of jet lag from his transoceanic plane travel and excitement...excitement over his re-awakened desires and obsessions, desires and obsessions he had thought he’d left behind two years ago when he left this house to study in Europe...desires and obsessions that seemed even stronger in him now. He tossed and turned in bed for hours, while visions of his aunt, his mother, and his grandmother danced in his head, especially visions of how their legs in nylons and high heeled pumps had looked under the table...finally, Frank clicked on his bedside table lamp and slipped out of bed.

Padding on bare feet in his striped silk pajama bottoms, Frank crossed the bedroom to where his luggage sat. Only his suitcase had been opened; his trunks were still securely strapped. Frank planned to spend only a little while at his mother’s house; he had already made plans to go apartment hunting soon. Of course, he also needed to go office-hunting as well, unless he received a good offer from an established psychiatric firm...

Frank quickly unstrapped one of his large trunks. He heaved the lid open. He pressed a hidden button, and the solid-looking inside lid popped open to reveal a commodious interior. Rummaging in that secret compartment, Frank withdrew a coffee-table-sized hardbacked volume and returned to bed with it.

Frank stared at the cover of the book. It displayed a large colored illustration of an elderly woman wearing only a black garter belt, black nylon stockings, and black high-heeled pumps standing beside an ornate canopy bed staring down at a naked adolescent boy with a loving smile on her face. The naked boy was staring at the elderly woman in garter belt, stockings, and pumps, her sagging, elderly breasts and gray-haired pussy all exposed to him, with wonder on his freckled face. The title of the book was in German; it’s English translation was Grandmother’s Garter Belt.

It was a pornographic, photo-illustrated novel that was sold openly (along with many others) in liberated, freewheeling Germany and Austria. Frank had bought it at an “Erotik-Shop” in Hamburg. It had caught his eye due to its graphic emphasis on stocking and lingerie fetishism and on incest and gerontophilia—the perverted sexual desire of the young for the elderly—topics Frank found intensely interesting.

Now, staring at the color photograph of the dark gray-haired matron wearing only the black garter belt, nylons, and pumps, Frank felt his already erecting cock stir in his pajamas. He sighed and opened the book.

Inside, the text, in German, described how naughty young Hans had been caught peeping at his elderly grandmother, as she undressed for bed. It struck a chord. As a young boy, Frank, himself, out of childish curiosity, had spied on his mother and grandaunt and grandmother as they dressed; indeed, his studies in psychology convinced him it was the sight of them in their lingerie and stockings that had fostered his current fetishes. Thus, this particular tale hit quite close to home...

Caught, the boy was scolded by his imperious, aristocratic grandmother. There was a highly erotic photograph of the haughty, aged matron wearing nothing but a shiny silk dressing gown over glossy seamed nylon stockings and glittering black high-heeled pumps, scolding her abash grandson.

Staring at the photograph of the elderly but voluptuous woman, Frank felt himself suddenly have an erection. He read the text, which described how the lad was made to confess his sins to his grandmother. Trembling, the boy admitted he often spied on his grandmother to see her wearing garters and hosiery. Imperiously, the elderly woman decreed that her grandson required a spanking then and there. She ordered him to bend over her laps—her nylon stockinged lap. She helped her grandson strip and patted her nylon stockinged thighs, ordering him to bend over for his spanking. Then she took up a paddle.

Frank read:

He envisioned the bizarre fetish tableau, the naked boy draped over his grandmother’s nylon stockinged thighs...

With a groan and a shiver, the adolescent boy leaned his naked body over, holding onto the side of the bed. Slowly, he assumed the spanking position, easing his tummy and childish loins down until they were resting on top of his Grandmother’s nylon stockinged thighs. His weight rested on his Grandmother’s nyloned thighs now. He quivered as he felt his boyish phallus press against his Grandmother’s sheer stockinged thighs. His Grandmother’s thighs were warm beneath the filmy stockings. Involuntarily, his cock begin the throb with arousal as it pressed again his Grandmother’s smooth, silky nylon stockings sheathing her thighs.

Frank sighed, feeling his own cock throb hotly as he feverish read on—he envisioned the bizarre fetish tableau, the naked young boy draped over his grandmother’s nylon stockinged thighs. Naturally, the poor lad had a huge erection within a few spanks. But his loving grandmother knew exactly what to do to relieve the boy. Frank turned the page and beheld a full-page colored illustration of the naked boy laying on his grandmother’s bed, with the matron, now wearing nothing but a black lace garter belt, black-tinted nylon stockings, straddling him. The young boy’s erect cock was thrust up into his grandmother’s pussy.

Frank read:

“Yes, my sweet boy,” his Grandmother moaned to her youthful grandson as she rode his stiff, throbbing cock pole, “isn’t this a nice game...a lovely game...oooohhhhh, your hard cock fits perfectly in Grandmother’s old pussy...does it not...? My darling boy... ooohhhhhhhh...yes, darling...I feel you going deep in me...deep, my darling...oooohhhhhh...

“Oooohhh, Grandmother—I’m going into you...deep into you...it feels so good...” the young lad gasped as he upheaved his callow naked hips and bottom, plowing his boyish cock deep into his Grandmother’s elderly pussy-furrow. The boy also began to stroke the silky, taut nylon stockings encasing his Grandmother’s big, heavy thighs, those stockings pulled tautly smooth over those matronly thighs by the taut suspenders of her garter belt.

“Yes, my sweet darling,” his Grandmother moaned to him. “You love me to wear the sexy stockings for you...feel my stockings on my legs...whilst I take you deep in me...so deep...oooohhhh...my darling boy...ooooohhhhhhhhh...”

“Yes, my sweet grandson...feel my sheer stockings...whilst I take you deep into me...so deep...”

Frank sighed, long, and louder this time. The tableau of the elderly matron fucking her young grandson while wearing the fetishistic garter belt, seamed stockings, and high-heeled pumps, galvanized him.

His erect cock throbbed hotly beneath the bedcovers. He closed his eyes...hot flashes suffused him...he opened his eyes again...

...Frank stared at the erotic pornographic photograph again...again, he saw the boy on the bed, his elderly grandmother straddling his naked body...the boy’s stiffened cock thrusting up into that old pussy...the boy’s naked hips held firmly in the slick-smooth embrace of those elderly nylon stockinged thighs...

The pornographic image made Frank’s head swim. The sight of that stiff, boyish cock pole thrusting into that elderly, gray-haired pussy galvanized him...his perverted desires were fully arosed now, secret, forbidden incest desires, desires spiced with the mysterious allue of sheer stockings and silken lingerie. Frank sighed, soulfully. Sheer nylon hose...high heels...and hot pussy...the fantastic fetish combination—shapely legs in sheer nylon stockings...those nylon stockinged legs spreading for him...revealing the furry pussy...the mount of Venus...

Frank felt the hot flush radiate throughout his body...

Sheer stockings...furry pussies...entering those pussies...

His heart pounded.

He imagined his own grandmother, Agatha, with her dress off...wearing only a black garter belt, nylon stockings, and pumps...

Hot, hot fucking...fetish fucking..incest fucking...deep, deep thrusts into hot pussy Paradise...lovely legs in sheer nylon stockings wrapping around him as he thrust and thrust...

Hot fucking...

His own mother...

His own grandmother...

Slowly, the image before him changed...now he was the little boy and it was his old grandmother, Agatha, in black garter belt, nylons, and pumps straddling him...

Yes...It was his stiff, swollen cock his own grandmother was riding...his hands were stroking his elderly grandmother’s slick-smooth sheer nylon stockinged thighs as his throbbing cock thrust up into her hot, steamy, gray-haired pussy...it was he fucking his own gray-haired, sixty-year-old grandmother, hard and deep...

In his mind’s eye, Frank pictured his own elderly paternal grandmother, Agatha...how she had looked tonight...how it had been ogling her nylon stockinged legs beneath the table that evening...how her legs had glowed in those bewitching black nylons. Those elderly, but shapely grandmotherly legs so smooth and glossy in those whisper-sheer, black-tinted nylon stockings...

Now, he imagined his own grandmother, Agatha, with her dress off, wearing only black garter belt, nylon stockings, and pumps...her elderly legs glossy and smooth in sheer black nylons...laying before him on the bed...her stockinged legs spread wide...her gray-haired pussy exposed to his eyes...

Yes...He could imagine his cock, stiff and swollen, lunging into the d gladly assented.

But, unknown to Dr. Weinberg, Frank had mastered a very special hypnotic technique, one he had discovered whilst researching historical papers on hypnotism. It had been an obscure, originally banned, pamphlet on mesmerism published in the Eighteenth century by an equally obscure occultist where Frank had stumbled on the secret of what he termed ultra-hypnotism.

This was a technique in which subjects are hypnotized with both mesmeric technique and the force of the hypnotist’s mind. In short, mind control. By forcing the will of the mind on the subject, the hypnotist could force the subject to bend to the hypnotist’s will. This turned the hypnotized subject into the complete slave of the hypnotist...the subject could be made to do anything the hypnotist commanded...and the subject would do so slavishly, with total and abject obedience...

Of course, this was contrary to all accepted theory on hypnotism-that the subject couldn’t be made to do anything he or she was not willing to do while awake. But Frank’s secret research proved that the technique worked...and worked incredibly well.

Frank had stared out hypnotizing test subjects and having them do things that were contrary to their natures-having a religious man curse God, having a young mother spit on a photograph of her child, and so on. And then Frank had realized that he would use ultra-hypnosis to mesmerize subjects-certain, special subjects-to act out his deeply supressed, bizarre and fetishistic sexual desires.

He could make any woman his slave...his secret sex slave...

Laying in the bed, glancing at a passage on using hand gestures to transfix the subjects eyes and hypnotize them, Frank recalled his experiment on his landlady’s mother, a busty, sixty-five-year-old matron who tidied up his rooms in Vienna. After Frank mastered ultra-hypnosis, he made it a point to be in his residence when Helga, the landlady’s mother, a gray-haired, sixty-one-year-old grandmother of six, arrived one day...

The elderly grandmothe, Helga, was the first...

* * *
“Yes. Helga,” he had said, firmly. “You are completely in my power...you will obey me...”

“Now, Helga...take off your panties...” Frank commanded the elderly hypnotized woman...

The sixty-one-year-old matron stood before him. The busty old woman was wearing only her white brassier and panties. Her dress, stockings, girdle, and pumps lay draped over a nearby chair.

“I am your Master, Helga...and you will obey your Master...”

Frank was making slow, magnetic passes before Helga’s half-closed eyes. Her eyes were glazed, unblinking. She was deeply hypnotized.

Frank had hypnotized the elderly matron and had commanded her to undress. Helga had obeyed her young hypnotist...totally under his power now...and totally unable to resist...

“Now, Helga...take off your panties...” Frank commanded the elderly hypnotized woman.

“Yes...Master...” the mesmerized matron murmered.

Frank’s heart had hammered as he watched ther old woman’s lined hands slip down to grasp the waistband of her white satin panties. Awake, the respectable matron, grandmother of six, and wife of a goverment official, would not so much as take off her coat in Frank’s presence. But now she was his abject, hypnotized slave...

Slowly, those elderly, age-spotted hands pushed the white satin undies down her wide, fleshy hips...at sixty-five-year-old, Helga was quite buxom with a Rubenesque, overripe figure, reminding him of his grandmother, Agatha...Frank felt his blood boil...Now those scanty undies slipped down Helga’s elderly legs...long, heavily curved legs...legs that also resembled his Grandmother Agatha’s legs...

Now Frank satred at the elderly matron’s exposed pussy. Her mount of Venus was covered with soft, curly hair the same steel-gray color as the hair on her head. Frank could make out the scalloped pink lips of the old woman’s labia peeking beneath the gray pussy hair.

“You have a big pussy, Helga,” he had told her, the blood boiling in him. “A big old pussy. I am going to fuck that pussy, Helga...and you will submit ot me...”

“Yes, Master...” Helga had murmered, eyes glazed, deeply hypnotized.

“Now remove your brassier, Helga,” Frank commanded the old woman. “Then put on the items on the bed...”

Frank glanced at the bed. His heart pounded with anticipation as he gazed at the items draped on his bed...a black satin corset...sheer, seamed, smoke-black tinted nylon stockings...and glittering black pumps...

* * *
Soon, on the bed, Frank’s experiment with ultra-hypnosis had tuned out fabulously...

At that moment, he was upheaving his now-naked hips between Helga’s heavy thighs that were sheathed in the sheer, seamed stockings-his naked hips slid up that smoothed stockinged way-as he thrust his stiff, swollen prick to the bods into Helga’s sixty-five-year-old pussy-

Above him, the elderly matron groaned, helplessly, as he lunged his steel-stiff prick deep into her old pussy...

Above him, the elderly matron groaned, helplessly, as he thrust his steel-stiff prick deep into her old pussy-he went deep, deep, shudderingly deep into her elderly cunt-

“Oooohhhh-ooohhhhh—” Helga groaned, her elderly body strapped in the tight black satin corset quivering from the body-killing thrust of the young man’s turgid prick into her elderly depths. With another groan, she spread her nylon stockinged thighs even wider, allowing the young man to penetrate her old pussy sheath even deeper-

“Take my big cock-into your old pussy-take it-take it—”

His heart swirling with horny heat, Frank upheaved his naked hips again, naked hips rubbing prickly hot against those smoothly stockinged elderly thighs, thrusting and thrusting his super-stiff prick to the deepest depths of Helga’s old but now pliant pussy-

“Oooohhh-oooohhhhhh—’ the elderly woman groaned feebly, nearly prostrate from the young man’s breathtakingly deep lunges into her, unable to do anything but take his hard, devastating fucking of her old, defenseless pussy-

Frank was in a hot haze, gloating at his masterful fucking of the hypnotized, totally subjugated elderly woman...his hypnotized, captivated, elderly sex slave...she had submitted to his hypnotic power...now she was submitting to his hard cock...

At his command, the hypnotized, busty old German matron wearing the tight black satin corset, seamed, smokey grey nylon stockings, and black stilleto pumps, had straddled his naked body on the bed. He had compelled her to mount him. With a powerful thrust, he had entered the old woman, masterfully, magnificently. Now the old woman, at his command, was rising and falling atop him, riding his stiff, swollen prick.

It was glory...pure glory...his depraved fetishes for elderly women and sheer stockings and erotic lingerie being sated in this superb manner...The respectable, gray-haired matron had looked fantastic in the black satin corset...especially her elderly legs had glowed bewitchingly in the sheer, seamed nylon stockings...his thrusting cock surged hotly in the old woman’s deep, hot pussy at the thought of herold but shapely legs so glossy and smooth in those smoke-black tinted nylon stockings...his hands moved from the elderly matron’s satin corseted middle down...down...his hands began to stroke the elderly matron’s heavy thighs sheathed in those slick, smooth stockings...his naked hips tingled hotly as they rubbed and rubbed against those sheer stockinged elderly thighs as he kept lunging and lunging into her now warm, slippery, compliant old cunt...The gray-haired grandmother had yielded totally to his conquering cock...she moaned and groaned with seething passion as he thrust deeper and deeper into her bubbling, gray-haired pussy...

Yes...sixty-five-year-old Helga had proven to be a fantastic fuck...she so resembled his grandmother Agatha...would Grandmother Agatha be a fantatsic fuck, too...?

* * *
With a start, Frank awoke from his fevered wet dream. He lay down the volume and switched off the bedside lamp. The room plunged into darkness.

Tomorrow... he would begin his carefully planned campaign...and his busty middle-aged mother would be the first conquest...

But not the last...

The Erotic Mind-Control Story Archive
What’s New · Titles · Authors · Categories · Readers’ Picks · FAQ · The Garden of MC · MC ForumStory: Hypnotism, Hose, and High HeelsAuthor: Anonymous-014← 2 of 4 →
HYPNOTISM, HOSE, AND HIGH HEELS
CHAPTER TWO: A MESMERIZING MORNING WITH MOTHER...
He heard a voice calling him...calling him from somewhere...urging him awake...
“Frank...Frank...are you awake?”
The soft voice of his mother, Martha, brought Frank from the land of Nod. He opened his eyes. His mother, dressed in a lavender silk dressing gown, was bending over him.
“I am now, Mother,” he replied, humorously.
His mother smiled at him.
“I’m sorry to awaken you, sleepy-head,” she teased him, gently. “But it’s already past nine o’clock in the morning. Breakfast is still warm, but it won’t be much longer.”
“Nine o’clock...that late?” He glanced at his alarm clock on his bedside table. It read quarter-past the hour.
“Yes, indeed.”
“Well, then, Mother, I’d better get up.” He began to throw off his bedcoveres, then remembered he was nude beneath the sheets. he hadn’t bothered to put his pajamas back on after Lori had left last night...
“See that you do. I’ll be in the kitchen.” With a sweet smile, his mother turned toward the door. Then she stopped and looked at him, her eyes loving and moist. “It’s wonderful to have my big boy back in his bedroom again,” she said, softly. “I’ve missed you so much, honey boy. I hope we’ll have some time together soon, son...just the two of us.”
For a moment, Frank looked at his middle-aged mother, her mature dark-haired, dark-eyed beauty, her voluptous figure, the way her heavy bosom strained at the confines of her silk dressing gown.
“We will, Mother,” he told her. “We will...”
* * *Showered, shaved, and now properly attired in his pajamas, bathrobe, and Romeo bedroom slippers, Frank was just about to take a bite of taost at the dining room table when his mother asked him, “What were you up to last night, honey?”
The toast stopped, halfway from his mouth. “Up to, Mother?”
“Yes, I saw your light on. You must have been up half the night!”
Frank searched his mother’s black eyes. They were guileless. She sat opposite him at the dining room table, with a slightly quizzical expression, stirring her coffee.
“Did anything happen?” he queried, causally.
“Oh, I couldn’t remember anything about last night!” His mother sighed. “Besides, I didn’t want to keep you up with all her questions when you needed sleep.”
Frank bit into his toast.
His mother shook her head. “By the way, Frank...I can’t help but wonder about the presents you mentioned. What did you get your Grandmother, if you don’t mind my asking?”
Frank stared directly at his mother. “I broight her a selection of French lingerie, Mother. Lingerie...and stockings.”
He saw his mother’s face blush slightly. “My goodness, Frank. Such a lovely, intimate gift! Real French lingerie!”
“Yes,” Frank returned, still staring directly into his mother’s lovely, mature face, framed by her jet black hair that was loose, free of the bun she usually wore it in. “I got her some lace and satin brassiers, panties, garter belts, and nylon stockings, as well as a few pairs of high heels.”
The very mention of womens’ intimate undergarments caused his mother to blush again. “Oh, that was a sweet thing to do, Frank,” she declared. “And so thoughtful. I think I’m jealous!”
“You needn’t be,” he told her. “I bought you some French lingerie also. And some stockings and high heels.”
“Frank! You didn’t!” His mother was genuinely pleased.
“I did. I put one of the boxes on your bed as I came down,” he said. “It’s a lingerie and stocking set with high heeled pumps. Perhaps you could try the set on today. Then I could see if I guessed the size correctly.”
His mother beamed. “Why that’s a lovely idea! I could wear your present today while we go shopping. I know you need some cooler clothes now that you’re in a warmer climate. That would be prefect, honey.”
“That’s fine with me, Mother,” Frank assured her.
Martha rose.
“You go ahead and finish your breakfast. Our new maid, Greta—you’ll love her and she’s from Germany so she’s just dying to meet and talk with you—will clean up later. I’ll go upstairs and shower and put on those lovely things my sweet son bought me.”
Her eyes glowed with love and affection for her son. Impulsively, she walked around the table and patted his cheek, leaning over him. “Did any mother have a more wonderful son?”
“Now, Mother,” Frank smiled. His eyes rivited on the massive swell of his mother’s magnificent bosom, clearly outlined in the diaphaneous silk robe that clung to her ripely curved form.
“You honey,” she cooed. “My honey boy.” Her soft, warm hand gently caressed his face. The front of her robe had parted and Frank could see the snowy hills of his mother’s bountiful bosom. He could also see the deep, dark valley between her breasts.
“By the way,” he heard his mother murmer. “You Grandmother Agatha called. She wants you to see her.”
Frank felt his heart begin to pound in his chest, not only by the close-up view of his mother’s bosom but also at the mention of his elderly grandmother. He thought of his plans for his own, gray-haired, sixty-year-old paternal grandmother. His heart pounded even harder.
“Frank...?”
He quickly caught himself. “Yes. Mother?”
“I was just telling you that your grandmother would like you to visit her tomorrow. Around tenish, she said.”
“Oh, that’s fine,” Frank said. He supressed a tremor of anticipation. “That’s just fine...”
“Good. Well, I’ll be upstairs if you want me.”
Frank watched his mature mother depart the dining room. He glanced up at the wall clock.
First a shower, his mother had said.
He’d wait fifteen minutes...
* * *Frank watched his mature mother’s shapely hands adjust her sheer nylon stockings...
Fifteen minutes later, Frank was standing outside his mother’s bedroom door. His ear was at the door. He had timed it perfectly.
First, he had heard the rustle of his present being opened. Then the cry of delight from his mother. Next, there had been his mother’s contented, soft humming, and the whispers of delicate undergarments being put on.
Frank’s heart beat with excitement and anticipation in his chest. This was the moment. He gently turned the door knob. His mother had not locked her bedroom door. Slowly, slowly, he eased it open, silently.
He saw his mother standing before the huge, floor-length mirror beside her dressing table, where his gaily wrapped parcel lay, opened. She was wearing the lingerie set he had procured for her.
At the moment, she was bent over, adjusting the tension of one of her garter belt suspenders that pulled at the wide, welted top of one of the fully fashioned seamed nyloned stockings that sheathed her long, lovely legs.
Frank watched his mature mother’s shapely hands adjust her sheer nylon stockings. She released the garter belt suspender and now gently tugged at the taut, filmy tops of each of her nylon stockings, pulling the exquisitely sheer, seamed hose glass smooth over her lusciously curved legs.
Those stockings were lustrous, and of a dark, smoke-gray tint. The seamed, fully fashioned nylon stockings glowed on his mother’s legs. Frank’s phallus began to twitch hotly beneath his bathrobe.
In addition to the stockings, his mother wore the garter belt, a thin, whispy garment constructed of ruby red lace, as well as a pair of skimpy, bikini-cut panties and a low-cut brassier, also of the same ruby red lace. Finally, his mother’s stockinged feet were shod in gleaming black patent pumps with stilleto high heels.
Standing before the mirror, wearing only the ruby red lace brassier, panties, garter belt and seamed, smokey gray tinted stockings and black stilleto pumps, his middle-aged mother was a fetish wet dream come true...
Frank stared at his mother’s fulsome breasts in the red lace brassier. The brassier was 44D-sized, yet the cups barely contained those massive, matronly melons. For as long as he could remember, his mother’s huge breats had captivated him.
Frank noted that his mother had worn the panties outside her garter belt. He was gratified. It would make everything go so much smoother...
He now walked boldy into his mother’s bedroom. He walked directly behind his mother, facing the floor-length mirror.
His mother straightened up from adjusting her stockings. Her heavy, melony breasts bobbed in the huge lace cups of her brassier as she did. Her nylon stocking seams were now superbly straight from her efforts.
Now, she straightened, She looked in the mirror. Her face mirrored her shock as she spied her own son standing behind her.
“Frank!” she exclaimed, her lined, heavily made-up face reddening beneath her face powder and rouge. “What on earth—?”
“Don’t turn around, Mother,” Frank commanded her.
“What—what do you mean—you can’t come in here—see me like this—” His middle-aged mother’s form in the lace lingerie was quivering. “Frank—!”
“Look into the mirror, Mother,” he ordered her, his voice quiet, but firm.
“What—?”
“Look into the mirror,” Frank ordered his mother again, his voice compelling.
“What are you-doing here—”
“Look in the mirror, Mother...look...”
Slowly, almost involuntarily, his mother’s eyes turned back to the mirror. She saw her son in the mirror behind her. He was staring at her with a strange intensity.
“Look into my eyes,” he commanded his mother.
“Frank—what do you—”
“Look into my eyes,” he commanded her again. “Look through the mirror, Mother. Look into my eyes.”
His mother’s eyes, staring in the mirror, now met her son’s eyes. Mother and son’s eyes locked. She gasped. Frank’s eyes were glaring with intensity.
Martha trembled as she stared into her son’s compelling, enthralling eyes. “Frank...what are you...” Her voice trailed off.
“Look deep into my eyes, Mother,” Frank commanded. “Look ....yes, look...look...look deeper...deeper...you cannot move, Mother...you cannot speak...all you can do is look into my eyes...”
Martha’s eyes were now transfixed by her son’s powerful stare. She stood, silent, her form still in the lingerie, stockings, and pumps. She seemed frozen to the spot.
“Frank...” her voice quavered. “Your...your eyes...”
“Look into my eyes, Mother...”
“I...I...”
“Look into my eyes...look into my eyes...”
Now, slowly, but inevitably, his mother’s eyes locked into her son’s eyes through the mirror. Her eyes widened as they rivited onto his.
“Now, Mother...look even deeper into my eyes...deeper...deeper...you can only see my eyes, Mother...you can only hear my voice...”
His middle-aged mother’s eyes were becoming glazed as they continued staring into her son’s eyes through the mirror.
Frank’s pulses raced. His mother was slipping into hypnosis.
“You can only see my eyes...you can only hear my voice...you are now floating...you are floating, Mother...you feel your will slipping away...you cannot resist me, Mother...you will obey me...obey me...tell me you will obey me...”
“Close your eyes, Mother,” Frank commanded. “Close your eyes...and sleep...sleep...”
His mother’s red lipsticked lips parted in her expressionless face. Her eyes were glassy, unfocused. “I will...obey you...”
“Now you are getting sleepy...so very sleepy...you are floating deeper into the cloud...it’s so soft...so warm...you want to sleep...your eyelids are so heavy...so heavy...you cannot keep your eyelids open...”
Now his mature mother’s green-eyeshadowed eyelids were drooping over her glazed eyes.
“Close your eyes, Mother,” Frank commanded. “Close your eyes...and sleep...sleep...I command you...sleep...”
Slowly, his mother’s eyelids closed over her eyes.
“You will go into a deep sleep, " Frank commanded, his pulses racing with triumph at the masterful way he had hypnotized his middle-aged mother. “A deep, deep sleep.”
His mother stood before the mirror, motionless, eyes closed, completely immersed in deep, hypnotic sleep.
“You can hear me, can’t you?” Frank said to his hypnotized mother now.
“Yes...” she replied, eyes closd, her voice drowsy.
“Who am I?”
“You...you’re my son...my son, Frank...”
“And you love your son...don’t you, Mother...?”
“Yes...I love you...very much...”
“And you will do anything to please me...anything...You cannot resist me. You must obey me completely. Do you understand?”
“Yes...I understand...”
“Open your eyes, Mother.”
Slowly, Martha’s eyes opened. She stared, her eyes glazed, at her son through the mirror.
“Now, Mother,” Frank said, untying the belt of his bathrobe, “you will submit to me...completely...totally...”
“Yes...son...”
He shrugged off the bathrobe. He now wore only his pajamas.
He walked up behind his mesmerized mother, where she stood in front of the mirror...
* * *“You like wearing the sexy lingerie and stockings for me, don’t you, Mother?” Frank said into one of her shell-like ears a few minutes later.
“Yes, son...if it pleases you...” she murmered back, her eyes still closed, deeply hypnotized.
They both stood in front of the full-lenght mirror now. Frank was behind his voluptuous mother who wore only the red lace lingerie, seamed stockings, and black pumps. He was close behind his mother...very close. Now, he gently pressed against his mother, his front against her back. He sighed at the feeling of her soft warmth against him.
His mother sighed, too, and leaned back aginst her son. Her head rested on one of his shoulders. His nostrils drank in the scent of her perfume.
“Your legs in sheer nylon stockings pleases me,” he said. “Your body in lingerie pleases me...Mother...”
His middle-aged mother’s big round bottom in the red lace panties pressed against Frank’s loins. His cock pole, erect now in his pajama bottoms, throbbed against his mother’s soft, warm bottom globes.
“I’m glad...it pleases you...son...”
“It’s always pleased me...even when I was little...I loved looking at your legs in sheer nylon stockings...catching peeks of you in your lingerie...I used to sneak in your bedroom sometimes and hide, so that I could watch you undress, Mother...”
“Did you...?”
“Yes...You used to give me such erections, Mother...such et dreams, Mother. I used to secretly watch you dress and undress...I watched you put on your sexy underthings and slip on your stockings...you have such lovely legs for sheer stockings...Mother...”
His middle-aged mother only moaned in reply, deeply aroused by her son’s fondling of her mature breasts through her brassier. She leaned fully back against her son, now. Her lace-pantied bottom pressed more firmly, more warmly, against his throbbing cock pole. Her big breasts were firm and sex-swollen now in the cups of her lace brassier, and swelling even more from her son’s strong, stroking hands. Now, she whispered, “Are you going to...make love to me...son...?”
“Yes...Mother...”
Frank deftly unhooked his mother’s back brassier strap. He slipped the suporting straps down his mother’s shoulders. The ruby red lace brassier floated to the carpet.
Now, Franks hands were full of his mother’s huge, soft breasts. Those motherly milkbags actually overfilled even his large hands...they were massive mounds, supremely soft and warm. As he hefted his mother’s breasts in his hands, she moaned deeply. His cockpole, tenting out his pajama bottoms, throbbed and throbbed against her bottom globes in the lace panties.
His mother moaned and moaned as her son’s hands kneaded and squeezed her sex-swollen breasts. Frank could feel his mother’s big titties still swelling and firming in his hands. He looked at his mother’s breasts in the mirror. They were the size of jumbo grapefurit apiece, but a hundred times as soft. Her auerole were the size of half dollars. Her nipples were stiff with arousal.
Frank let his right hand fall from one of his mother’s breasts. His hand reached down low...gliding over her naked tummy, to the lace bandeau of her garter belt...his hand stroked the exquisite lace of the garter belt...it was the finest Belgian lace...his hand now slipped lower...his fingers touched the front of his mother’s lace panties. His mother’s panties were moist...moist from the flow of love liquid from n her bedroom. It was one of those brand-new “Princess Phones,” in a bone-white color. Again, for the third time, the elderly woman dialed the number to reach her daughter-in-law’s, Martha’s, home.
She held the receiver to one ear, unclipping her earring as she did. She listened. There was the again the constant burr...burr...burr of the busy signal.
Goodness! Agatha put the receiver back in its cradle. Whoever was on the phone at her daughter-in-law’s was certainly having a long conversation. Agatha would have suspected one of Martha’s friends of the deed—the middle-aged woman was heavily involved with civic activity and campus affairs—but Martha, having welcomed her son home, was certainly not spending time chatting with her friends.
Perhaps it was Martha chatting with one of the officers of their church’s women’s group. There was the bazaar coming up...
Or, it could even been her grandson, Frank...
Indeed, it was because of Frank she was calling. Agatha wanted to ensure Frank had gotten her message about visiting her tomorrow. The elderly woman felt a strange eagerness to see her grandson...and eagerness that compelled her to leave nothing to chance. Nothing. Perhaps Frank or Martha were off the telephone now...
Agatha picked up the receiver and dialed again.
Meanwhile, in the bedroom of Martha Etheridge, the telephone receiver lay off its hook. The bedroom door was locked as well.
His hands held his mother firmly as he impaled her deep, succoring pussy with his stiff, swollen cock ...
The electronic tones issuing from the receiver to announce that the telephone was off the hook were loud in the quiet, darkened bedroom.
The two occupants on the bed neither heard nor cared about the sound.
On the bed, at the moment Agatha Etheridge was redialing her telephone, her daughter-in-law, Martha, was spreading her legs in the seamed nylon stockings wider apart, opening herself so that her son could thrust his stiff cock pole even deeper into her pussy.
Both mother and son moaned, soulfully, as his naked hips pushed forward, thrusting his rigid pole inch by inch into her palpating pussy slit.
Mother and son lay side by side on her bed now, her back to his front. One of Frank’s hands gripped one of her garter belted hips, while the other hand grasped one of her massive breasts. His hands held his mother firmly as he impaled her deep, succoring pussy with his stiff, swollen cock.
Slowly, steadily, Frank thrust himself in and out of his middle-aged mother’s hot pussy, fucking her with hard, firm strokes.
After carrying his mother to her bed, Frank had been burning with fervid, incestuous lust. He had commanded his mesmerized mother to turn on her side. Then he had all but tore his pajama bottoms off, kicking off his bedroom slippers. He unbuttoned his pajama tops—and then the sight of his hypnotized mother languidly spreading her nylon stockinged thighs apart, exposing her pussy to him, inflamed him. He got into bed beside his mother, grasped her tightly and, without warning, thrust into her.
“Ooooohhhh—oooohhhhhhhh—son—oooohhhhh—” his mother had moaned, eyes closed. “Son—oooohhhhh—my darling—darling—ooooooooohhh—”
“Take me, Mother,” he had rasped to her, thrusting his stiff shaft deeper and deeper into her warm, slippery pussy tunnel. “Take me—”
“Oooohhhh—you’re so big, son—” his mother had groaned. “So big...so big...I don’t know...if I can...take you...”
Now he was lancing into his middle-aged mother’s steamy pussy with firm, deep, hard strokes...
“You will, Mother,” he groaned, feeling his mother’s satiny pussy sheath grip his throbbing cock deep inside her like a loving glove. “You will take me—all of me—”
Inch by inch, he had thrust himself into his mother. Finally, with a shout of triumph, he had buried himself balls deep into her. Then, suddenly, his mother had begun to shake, uncontrollably. He felt her velvety pussy tunnel spasm around his pole.
Then, with a shuddering groan, his mother had orgasmed. Frank had groaned too as he felt his mother’s hot, love liquid flow around his shaft deep in her.
Now he was lancing into his middle-aged mother’s steamy pussy with firm, deep, hard strokes, thrusting himself balls deep each time, achieving the deepest penetration. His steel-stiff cock pole glistened with his mother’s love liquid.
“You’ve got a hot pussy, Mother,” he groaned to his mother, as he speared into her. “Uhhhh—uuuhhhhhhhhhh—what a hot pussy—Mother—”
As he fucked his mother, Frank’s eyes locked on the sight of her shapely, nylon stockinged legs spread on the mattress before him. His mother’s long, lushly curved legs glimmered darkly in the ultra-sheer, smokey-gray tinted stockings. He could see both the sexy seams of her fully fashioned stockings running up the back of her nyloned legs. Her stockinged feet arched in the glittering black stilleto-heeled pumps rendered her sheer stockinged legs even more alluring.
Frank felt the madness engulf him again, His head swam with fetish fever at the sight of his mother’s legs in the seamed nylon stockings while his cock throbbed fervidly as it worked deeply into his mother’s steamy, seething pussy sheath.
It was a hot, horny incestuous fetish fuck between mother and son...a fuck that couldn’t last long...
Gasping, groaning, Frank forced his now bloated, pounding cock pole into his hypnotized mother’s squirming, blazing pussy for a dozen more deep, body-killing strokes—then his cock pole lurched, electrically, foer the final time—the searing spasms shook his body as the burning seminal fluid spilled and spilled, convulsively from his flaring cockhead deep in his mother’s womb—the womb he had come from—the thought undid him and he collapsed atop his mother’s heaving body—
“Uuuuuhhhhh—uuuuhhhhhhhh—” he groaned, his face buried in his mother hair, as his cock jolted and jolted in her convulsing pussy. “Mother—I’m cumming—Ohhhh—I’m cumming—in—you—uuuhhhhhhhh—”
“OOooooooOOooohhhhhhh—” his mother groaned in reply. “My darling boy—oooohhhhhhhhhhh—my wonderful one—fill me—fill me—honey boy—oooohhhhhh—”
The bodies of mother and son thrashed on her bed as they succumbed to the fiery esctacy of their first incestuous cum together...
What in the world is going on? Agatha Etheridge wondered, frustrated, as she hung up her phone for the seventh time. The line was still busy! Who could Martha—or Frank—be talking to?
Well, she was already late for her meeting. She’d have to leave and call back in the evening. She walked to her dressing table and picked up her white afternoon formal gloves.
Drawing on the gloves, the gray-haired matron walked from her bedroom...then she returned to the phone...She’d try just once more...
At his grandmother picked up the telephone receiver, in his mother’s bedroom, Frank was again heading toward horny heaven...as was his hypnotized, compliant middle-aged mother...
“Ohhhhhhhh—Frank—Frank—” Martha was groaning to her son. “You’re going see deep into me—ooooooohhhhhh—so-o-o-o-o deeeeep—”
“Do you like it...this way...Mother?” Frank moaned back to her.
“I love it—oooooohhhhh—honey—”
Frank, covered with sweat, was laying on his back on his mother’s rumpled bed. His mother was straddling him, her back to his front. Frank’s hand gripped his mother’s hips in the red lace garter belt, firmly, guiding her up and down.
Slowly, the busty, middle-aged woman rose and fell, riding her son’s stiff cock pole, moaning as it reamed her slick, hot pussy.
“Oooooohh, Frank,” Martha breathed huskily, as she took his throbbing pole into her palpitating love tunnel. “You’re going such a deep way into me...”
“Am I...deep enough...?” Frank moaned back, upheaving his naked hips, upthrusting his stiff, swollen pole to the root into his mother.
“Ooooooooohhhhhh...are you deep...”
Frank strained mightily and upheaved his hips from the mattress even faster, upthrusting his rigid prick even harder into his mother’s hot, hot hole.
“OOOoooohh—ooooohhhhhhhh—” his middle-aged mother groaned, helplessly, quaking from her son’s forceful fucking.
For their second tryst, Frank had commanded his hypnotized mother to climb on top, so she could take a long, hard ride on his cock. It was a nice, hot, and horny way to fuck his voluptuous, middle-aged mother.
Frank had commanded his hypnotized mother to climb on top, so she could take a long, hard ride on his cock...
Sweating and groaning, Frank continued thrusting his cock up into his mother’s sopping pussy, lifting his hips and butt off the mattress to penetrate her to the very depths of her maternal womb.
Above him, his mother moaned and moaned as he lunged up into her, deep, deep moans. His immensely erect cock pole was actually stretching his middle-aged mother’s love tunnel...the same love tunnel that he had come from. The thought made his cock throb, electrically, as it plunged into his mother’s bubbling pussy slit.
His hands slid down to her thighs. Now, his hands stroked her firm maternal thighs sheathed in the taut welted tops of her fully fashioned nylon stockings. His palms tingedly delciously from stroking his mother’s smooth nyloned thighs as his cock plowed up into her steamy pussy.
“Your legs are fabulous...in these stockings...” Frank told his mother, his hands stroking the slick, smooth expanse of his mother’s nylon stockinged thighs. “You will always wear sheer stockings for me...Mother...”
“Yes...son...” Martha murmered, and then moaned as her son’s stiff pole thrust up into her again. “Ooooooooooohhhh-I’ll always wear sheer stockings for you...my honey...honey boy...”
Across town, Agatha was peering at a large book on the table beside the telephone. It was the telephone directory.
A lined hand began to reach for it, then hesitated.
The elderly woman frowned.
Should she?
Moaning deeply, the busty, middle-aged mother rode her young son’s stiff, swollen prick...
It was silly, of course, but she may have gotten the number wrong...of course, she’d dialed it many times. But she wasn;t getting any younger and she could have misdialed the telephone. It certainly wouldn’t hurt to check...
The elderly matron carefully noted the number for his daughter-in-law’s residence. Then she began to dial...
“Do you like it...this way...too...Mother...?” Frank groaned now, in a hot, swirling fog, to his mother.
“God-yes-Frank-you honey boy-ooooohhhh”
The middle-aged woman wearing only garter belt, nylons, and high heels still straddled her son’s nearly nude boy on her bed. Only now, at his command, she was facing him. Once again, Martha’s fleshy hips in the black lace garter belt rose and fell, slowly, rhymatically, as she took her son’s stiff, throbbing cock in and out of her steamy maternal pussy.
Moaning deeply, the busty, middle-aged mother rode her young son’s stiff, swollen prick, taking his formidable organ deep, body-killingly deep, into her. Beneath her, Frank groaned, suffused in horny heat, as he uplifted his naked hips, those hips sliding silkily against his mother’s smoothly stockinged thighs, upthusting his throbbing prick forcefully, fantastically, into her deep, assuaging tunnel of love.
Deep...he was going so deep...so deep...into his beautiful mother’s hot, luscious pussy...God...so deep into her...his stiff cock pole throbbed, hotly, as it worked deeper and deeper into his mother’s soft, warm, enfolding pussy tunnel...her loving, lubricious depths enfolded his swollen organ...stroking his pulsating pole...up and down his mother’s form went above him, taking him, all of him, into her...he upheaved his naked hips to thrust himself even deeper into that hot honey hole...as he did his naked hips rubbed silkily against her encasing thighs so smooth in those sheer stockings...it was a hot ride...a hot, horny ride...with mother...his swollen pole pulsated burningly deep inside her at the sensation of his naked hips rubbing aaginst those sheer nylon stockinged maternal thighs...sheer stockings...hot, deep pussy...a fantastic fetish fuck...with his own middle-aged mother...
He heard his mother’s soft, deep moans as he lanced up into her...incredibly, he was going into her deeper still...his inflamed organ surged inside her steamy, creamy depths...his eyes were open now...through a hot haze, he watched his mother’s wide hips strapped in the red lace garter belt rise and fall...the garter belt’s suspenders pulling and pulling at her taut stocking tops as she rode him...he could see his immensely stiff and swollen cock pole thrust up and up into her furry pussy...his pole glistening with her warm, lubricating love liquid...her pink pussy lips fluttering around his thrusting shaft...drawing him in...into her love tunnel...the love tunnel...from whence he had come...
“Ooooooooohhhh...oooooooohhhhhhh...honey...honey boy...you go so deep...so deep into me...oooooohhhhhhhhhhhhhhh....”
For a long, slow time, the middle-aged woman wearing only the red lace garter belt, seamed nylon stockings, and black stilleto pumps rode her young son’s throbbing cock...a hot, horny time...
At the other end of town, Agatha Etheridge listened to the steady beeping eminating from the telephone receiver she held next to her ear. This time, she had dialed the number correctly, without a doubt. And it was still busy...
Across town, the telephone still lay off its hook in Martha’s Etheridge’s bedroom. On her spacious bed, she and her son were deeply engrossed in their third loving tryst.
The middle-aged woman lay on her back on the bed. She still wore the fetish-arousing red lace garter belt, seamed, smokey-gray tinted nylon stockings, and black stilleto-heeled pumps.
Frank, now stark naked, was mounted on top of his mother’s supine form.
He was gripping his mother’s flaring, flesh-padded hips tightly, just below the lace bandeau of her garter belt. At the same time, his mother’s arms were wrapped tightly around his neck.
And his muscular, naked hips and buttocks were pistoning steadily, powerfully between his mother’s shapely legs sheathed in the seamed nylon stockings. The forceful pelvic plunges drove his rigid love tool balls deep into his mother’s middle-aged pussy. Frank’s love tool glistened from his mother’s depths. It was still smeared from his mother’s slow, loving fellatio.
“Oooooohhhh—ooooohhhhhhh—honey boy—” his mother groaned beneath his pounding body now. “Ooohh-I love you-on top of me-my darling-my honey—”
Frank groaned in reply. His naked hips and bottom pumped and pumped like a oil derrick between his mother’s glossy, seamed stockinged legs. His cock pole, as rigid as any steel bar, stabbed and stabbed into his mother’s drooling pussy slit.
His middle-aged mother, captivated by the hypnotic trance her son held her under, and enthralled by his masterful, magnificent fucking of her hot, sex-hungry pussy, took his deepest thrusts now and asked for more and more.
“Oooohh—son—my honey—honey boy—:” she groaned, quivering beneath his pounding body that rammed his immense organ stunningly deep into her. “Yes—ooohhh—yes—honey boy—go deep—oooohhhhhhh—go deep in me—”
And her son went deep into his mother, ramming his love spear into her quaking depths. His naked, sweaty hips smacked wetly against his mother’s sweaty, garter belted hips. His body pounded and pounded on her body, his naked chest almost mashing her massive breasts with the force of his movements. His swinging ball sac beat a tatoo against his mother’s inner thighs as he thrust and thrust into her.
He was fucking his middle-aged mother with powerful, breathtaking thrusts, plunging himself into the deepest depths into her hot maternal pussy.
With a groan, his mother tried to meet her son’s thrusts, upheaving herself to meet his downward plunges, thrust for body-killing thrust. Her shapely legs tensed beneath the film of her sheer nylon stockings as she upheaved, her stockinged feet in the black pumps sinking in the mattress. The middle-aged mother was rotating her hips in
the lace garter belt, moving with her son with the abandon of a young call girl.
He was fucking his middle-aged mother with powerful, breathtaking thrusts, plunging himself into the deepest depths of her hot maternal pussy...
“Take my cock, Mother,” Frank commanded, hoarsely. “Take my cock into your hot pussy—just like you took Father’s cock—”
Frank was suffused with fucking frenzy. His mother’s coital movements only spurred him to hard, faster thrusts into her. Her squeezing, stroking pussy sheath made his cock stiffen to horny hugeness. His naked hips and bottom pistoned rapidly between his mother’s nylon stockinged legs, increasing the fucking pace terrifically.
“I’m fucking your hot pussy, Mother,” he groaned to her, half out of his head. “Your hot, hot pussy—uuuuhhhhhhh—hot pussy—”
His brain was suffused with a hot haze as he fucked his mother so forcefully. It was fantastic fetish fulfillment to be fucking his busty, beautiful mother, who wore the fetish-arousing garter belt, seamed stockings, and high heeled pumps. In his fogged mind, he pictured his mother, bent over, straightening her stocking seams...her hands pulling at those welted stocking tops that tautly encased her heavy, maternal thighs...his hands full of his mother’s massive, melony breasts...
And, all the while, with every thrust into his mother’s deep pussy, his naked hips rubbed tinglingly against his mother’s slick-smooth nylon stockinged inner thighs, raising goosebumps, stoking his feverish fetish.
Frank groaned, agitatedly, the hot images firing his perverted fetish lusts and incestious passions. His hips and butt were a veritable pile driver now between his mother’s nylon stockinged legs, his rigid prick a augur that reamed his mother’s pussy. He forced her upheaving body deep into the mattress with each thrust now, plunging himself impossibly deep into her hot, stroking depths.
“Ooooohhhhh—oooohhhh—honey—oooohhhhhhhhhhh honey—” Martha groaned, desperately, as her son’s immense cock shaft stabbed relentlessly into her roiling depths, devastating her. His terrific thrusts stunned her, She lay beneath his slamming body, unable to move now, driven almost insensible by her son’s ferocious, fantastic fucking of her middle-aged pussy. “Honey—my honey, honey boy—please—you’re killing me—killing me—oooohhhhhhhhh—”
His head swirling with a seething frenzy, Frank was overcome by crazed, consuming passion, omce again. Deep in his loins, he felt the lust fire flare high—his balls were full of fiery cum—climax was now moments away—he rammed and rammed his mother’s body into the nattress, plunging his bloated, palpitating prick into the hot furnace of her pussy—
“Now, Mother,” he groaned, almost delerious now, “now—let me feel your stockings—”
His mother’s lovely legs in the seamed nylon stockings rose into the air at her son’s command. A heartbeat later, those sheer stockinged maternal legs were stroking her son’s naked bottom, hotly, silkily—
Frank groaned anew, fresh sweat breaking out all over his superheated body. Hot flashes radiated from where his mother’s gorgeous legs in those smooth, sheer stockings stroked him. His formidable organ pulsated with horny inflamation as it speared into his mother’s hot honey hole.
“Feel my stockings,” his mother moaned to him with love and lust. “Yes, honey boy...feel mother’s stockings...and fuck me...fuck me...”
The air was filled with the electric swish-swish of those slick-smooth nylon stockinged legs rubbing silkily against his pistoning buttocks. His naked bottom clenched and clenched with seething fetish stimulation beneath his mother’s stroking, nylon stockinged legs. His phallus pulsated with fiery illumination, stroked by his mother’s oily, slippery pussy sheath, ready to burst—
Now, with a yell, he plunged himself to the root inside his mother’s quivering, quaking depths a final time. He collapsed on his mother’s body. Ferocious spasms engulfed him. Deep inside his mother’s pussy, his engorged, inflamed cock pole jolted and jolted, killingly, jetting out the white lava from his bloated balls—
His middle-aged mother shouted, her own body seized with erotic convulsions as her son’s jolting ejaculation set off her own overwhelming climax. Her nylon stockinged legs wrapped around her son’s hard-clenching bottom, her arms crushing him to her. Frank’s body continued to spasm in a paroxsym of delerious orgasm, held tight by his mother’;s smooth arms and nylon stockinged legs, as his shuddering cock pole spilled stream after boiling stream of sperm into his mother’s womb. Beneath him, his mother held on tight to her son as her own body was racked and racked by her climax crescendo.
“God—Mother—uuuuuhhhhhh—I’m cumming—cuming in you—uuuhhhhhhh—uuuuUUUHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH—”
“Oooooooohhhh—darling—my darling—OOOOOOOHHHHHHHHHH—”
For an endless time, both mother and son shook and shook on her bed, thrashed by their stupendous double-climax...finally, their jolting orgasms waned...they lay together on her bed, in a deep embrace, kissing deeply, rapturously.
“Stay in me,” his mother moaned to him, “my wonderful one...”
* * *“Why yes, Grandmother,” Frank said into the telephone receiver some time later. “I’d like to come over to see you tomorrow.”
“Well, that’s fine, Frank,” his grandmother’s voice gushed at the other end of the line. “Are you certain that ten o’clock is fine?”
“Yes, indeed, Grandmother.”
“I’m glad, Frank.” The elderly woman was pleased. “Then my housekeeper will be gone for the morning, and we’ll have time alone to catch up...just the two of us.”
“That’s what I want to...Grandmother...” Frank replied, his voice just a bit hoarse. Inwardly, he was quivering with anticipation.
“It certainly took me forever to get through to you,” his grandmother commented. “Who was on the phone all that time?”
“It was me, I confess,” Frank told he. “I had a long consultation with a local psychiatrist—he’s interested in my sharing offices with him. I apologize.”
“It’s no matter, dear. And that’s certainly good news! But you mustn’t tie up the line, dear boy. Between you and other folks, no one will be able to get a call in to your poor mother!”
“Yes, Grandmother.”
“Goodbye, Frank. Until tomorrow.”
“Until tomorrow.”
Frank lowered the receiver back into the cradle.
He was still naked, his tanned form sheened with sweat. He turned around.
His middle-aged mother, still naked save for the red lace garter belt, seamed nylon stockings, and high heeled pumps, sat on the edge of her bed, facing him. Her eyes weer half closed, her pupils dialated and glazed.
Just before the telephone had rung, Frank had placed his hypnotized mother into a profoundly deep trance.
Now, he said, “Can you hear me, Mother?”
“Yes...” his mother replied in the drowsy entranced voice.
“You will obey my commands now.”
“I...will...”
“You will shower again, and dress. Then we will go shopping, as you planned.”
“Yes...”
“You will forget what happened this morning. All you will recall is that we had breakfast and then left to go shopping. Do you understand?”
“I...understand...”
“When I leave this room, you will awaken. But you will go into a deep sleep when I command you to do so, and you will submit completely to me.”
“Yes...”
“You will remember the words: ‘seamed stockings.’”
“Yes...”
“When I say those words to you, no matter where you are or what you are doing, you will instantly fall into a deep sleep and obey my commands. Do you understand?”
“I...understand...” the hypnotized middle-aged woman replied, drowsily.
Suddenly, Frank had an inspiration.
“While we are shopping today, we will visit a lingerie store. You will want to visit that store. You will purchase a selection of garter belts, girdles, stockings, and other lingerie and shoes, with my approval.”
“Yes...”
“You will always wear sheer stockings for me, Mother...tonight...when I visit you...at midnight...”
“Yes...”
“You will want to wear stockings and high heels for me...to excite me...to please me...won’t you, Mother?”
“Yes, son...I will...”
“Very well, Mother. I’m leaving now. You will awaken when the door closes behind me. Although you will be awake, you will be under my power...and you will obey me.”
“Yes, son...I will...obey you...”
Frank left his mother’s bedroom...

The Erotic Mind-Control Story Archive
What’s New · Titles · Authors · Categories · Readers’ Picks · FAQ · The Garden of MC · MC ForumStory: Hypnotism, Hose, and High HeelsAuthor: Anonymous-014← 3 of 4 →
HYPNOTISM, HOSE, AND HIGH HEELS
CHAPTER THREE: GARTER BELT GAMES WITH GRANDMOTHER...
It was the midnight hour at the Etheridge home.
Frank Etheridge rose from his bed as the grandfather clock in the hall tolled midnight. He threw on a robe, and left his room.
He walked down the hall. He stopped at his mother’s bedroom door. His hand found the knob. He turned it. The door eased open on well-oiled springs.
Frank walked into his mother’s bedroom. It was dark, with only the glow of a night light illumating the room. The glow was sufficient, however, to reveal his mother’s bed, and his mother’s still form on the bed, deep in the bedcovers.
He went to the side of his mother’s bed, to the head of her bed. He looked down. He saw his mother’s black-haired head resting on a pillow, her attractive, middle-aged features composed in sleep. The substantial bulge in the bedcovers that was his mother’s bosom rose and fell with her deep-sleep breathing.
He noted that although his mother was in bed, asleep, she was wearing heavy make-up and lipstick, along with her earrings...as if she were prepared for some special event...
Now, Frank said, “Mother...Mother...open your eyes...”
Slowly, his mother’s coral green mascared eyelids opened. She stared up at her son. Her eyes were glazed with deep hypnosis.
“Look at me...” he commanded her.
Martha stared at her son.
Slowly, fluidly, Frank made the magnetic, mesmeric passes before his mother’s eyes.
“You will go into a deep trance,” he commanded her. “A deep, deep trance.”
His mother’s eyelids lowered, slowly over her glazed eyes.
He lowered his hands.
“Do you know why I am here?”
“You told me...you would come for me...at midnight...” His mother answered in the drowsy, mesmerized voice.
“Yes...I see you have prepared yourself for my visit.” He paused. “Have you also prepared yourself for me as I commanded you?”
“Yes...”
“Show me,” he commanded.
One of his mother’s shapely hands grasped her bedcovers. She used that hand to fling the bedcovers off her.
Frank almost moaned as he beheld his mother now.
Beneath the bedcovers, his middle-aged mother was naked...almost. Around her fleshy hips, she wore a black lace garter belt. Black suspenders stretched from the garter belt. Those suspenders were atttached to pair of seamed nylon stockings with black lace stocking tops, of a sooty black tint. The tension of those stretched garter belt suspenders pulled the exquisite, sheer stockings glass smooth over his mother’s long, lovely legs. Her feet were shod in glittering, black high heeled pumps.
His mother was wearing one of the lingerie and stocking ensembles she had purchased when they went shopping that afternoon—following their morning tryst. Her pale skin glowed white in the dim light against the glossy black of her garter belt, nylon stockings, and pumps. Frank stared at his mother’s fully exposed, huge breasts...then at her fully exposed furry pussy.
Both mother and son groaned as she raised up, down, up, down, riding his stiff swollen prick...
“You obeyed me well,” Frank told his hypnotized mother. “You are ready for me again...aren’t you?”
“Yes...my son...”
Frank unknotted the belt of his bathrobe...
* * *“Oooohhhh...oooohhhhhhhh...Frank...oooohhhhhhhh...”
“Ride me, Mother...ride me...”
Frank was seated in the deep, plush setee beside his mother’s bed. Above him loomed his middle-aged mother’s form. She was starddling him, her back to him. His hands gripped the black lace bandeau of the garter belt around her waist.
Both mother and son groaned as she raised up, down, up, down, taking his stiff, swollen cock pole deep...deep into her...
Her legs in the sheer, lace top nylon stockings pressed silkily against his naked thighs. Those maternal thighs flexed and flexed beneath the black lace stocking tops as his mother raised and lowered herself, taking her son’s rigid prick deep, shudderingly deep, into her hot, seething pussy.
Frank marveled at how pliant and pliable his mother’s pussy sheath was, so soon after their marathon fucking. His throbbing cock was enfolded by the tender, warm sheath of his mother’s pussy, slipping easily in and out of that love tunnel due to the gentle flow of her love liquid. His erect cockpole twitched and twiched hotly as it worked deep, gloriously deep, into his mother’s soft, slippery womb.
Frank’s head spun with fuck fever. His mother had a magnificent pussy—a super pussy—
Rising and falling, his mother’s nude upper body bobbed and bobbed, like a fishing cork, her huge, pendulous breasts quivering with her coital movements, rising and lowering her middle-aged pussy on her son’s young, virile cock shaft.
This was truly a superior sexual position, Frank mused as he lifted and lowered his mother’s black lace garter belted hips, guiding her in the riding of his stiff, throbbing pole. This sexual position allowed the deepest penetration of his mother’s hot pussy, mind-blowing penetration, his erect prick burying itself to the cods in his mother’s womb with each thrust. It allowed a slow, tantalizing fuck as well, his mother slowly rising, withdrawing his cock pole from her, burningly, then falling, just as slowly, once more taking his throbbing organ into her steamy, dreamy depths.
...He had vowed to compel his mother to wear the black lace top stockings for him that very night...
Both mother and son lost themselves in their slow, slow, and deep, deep fucking.
“Oooooohhhh...oooohhhhhhhh...Frank...you fill me...darling...darling,” his mother moaned, her face twisting with each deep, supremely deep, thrust of her son’s love spear into her. Her middle-aged pussy was getting a hard workout from her virile son.
He really shouldn’t have hypnotized and humped his mother again so soon after the morning’s triple play, Frank knew, but the trip to his mother’s favorite lingerie shop had rekindled the fetish flames of his libido.
Staring at the exquisite, black lace garter belt and black lace top nylon stockings which had been displayed on a store mannequin had galvanized him. He had induced his mother to purchase the garter belt and stockings. Inwardly, he had vowed to compel his mother to wear the black lace top stockings for him that every night...
Frank’s hands moved now from his mother’s waist strapped in the black lace garter belt bandeau, sliding down to her lace top stockinged thighs. His hands trembled as he stroked those delicate lace stocking tops and his mother’s firm thighs beneath the sheer hosiery. He thought of how it had been that morning, fucking his middle-aged mother whilst she had stroked his naked bottom with her legs slick and smooth in those seamed, fully fashioned nylon stockings. Now Mother’s legs glowed the the sooty-black tinted lace top stockings. Sheer stockings...and hot sex...His cock pole pulsated in response, as it plowed to the farthest reaches into his mother’s blazing pussy.
For a little while, mother and son fucked, slowly, hornily. It was a hot, wet, and juicy fuck, as Frank upthrust his rigid cock pole even faster, even deeper into his mother’s mature pussy. Above him, his mother trembled and moan as her son’s immensely stiff prick ravished her middle-aged pussy.
Deep inside her, his mother’s magnificant pussy sheath gripped and gripped at his invading immenseness tightly, yet gently. Frank’s palms prickled hotly as they continued stroking the whisper-sheer stockings sheathing his mother’s flexing thighs, lingering at the exquisite black lace stocking tops encasing those satiny maternal upper thighs.
His mother groaned and groaned, shuddering with her hot cum, as he continued to thust his stiff prick to her...
Then, his mother’s head snapped up and she groaned, shaking with a hard, killing orgasm. Frank groaned, too, as he felt the hot flow of his mother’s ecstatic, spasmodic cum. Her steaming love liquid inundiated his throbbing cock pole deep inside his mother. His mother groaned and groaned, shuddering with her hot cum, as he continued to thrust his stiff prick deep into her.
Suddenly, her son shook like a storm-tossed ship, gasping and groaning as his fully engorged cock pole shuddered mightily deep inside his mother’s spasming pussy and then detonated. His body jerked upward with his climatic convulsions, actually carrying his mother with her, as his sputtering cock discharged massive streams of his boiling sperm into her waiting womb...it was a long, hard, overflowing cum into his mother’s heavenly pussy...
Dawn was nearly breaking when Frank returned to his bedroom....
“More tea, dear boy?”
“No, thank you, Grandmother.”
Punctually, at 10 o’clock sharp that morning, Frank, having slept until nine o’clock and missing breakfast (as did his mother who, by odd coincidence, had also slept in), reported to his paternal grandmother Agatha’s large, spacious house, practically a mansion, located on the outskirts of St. Louis.
He was having a belated breakfast now, drinking tea and nibbling on tea cakes with his elderly grandmother in her spacious, cathedral-ceilinged parlour. Nibbling only; he wasn’t very hungry. One reason was the effect sitting next to his gray-haired grandmother had on him. His insides were roiling with a perverse excitement, and an abnormal anticipation.
He was seated on an overstuffed, antique Victorian davenport. His grandmother sat nearby on an overstuffed chair. A wheeled tea tray was parked between them.
The closeness of his paternal grandmother made his heartbeat increase. Clinically, he knew he was succumbing to gerontophilia, the sexual desire for the old. Frank had studied the subject of gerontophilia as part of his overall studies, and had read case histories of boys and young men seduced by and having sex with old women—some of the women blood relatives such as mothers, aunts...even grandmothers. It was by reading those case histories that he had formed his sexual fixation on his own elderly, gray-haired grandmother...his father’s mother...
Frank’s eyes now rivited on his elderly paternal grandmother’s sheer nylon stockinged legs...
Frank looked at his grandmother. She was certainly well preserved for her sixty years of age. She carried herself well, with style and an aristocratic grace. Agatha Etheridege’s dark gray hair was only a few shades removed from its once brownette color. His grandmother’s face was still attractive and belied her sixty years of age. She wore her reading glasses, a concession to age. Her figure beneath the dress was heavily curved, Reubenesque, with large, discoid breasts, a still-trim waist, and a flaring bottom. The dress was mid-length, the better to display his elderly grandmother’s legs. Her legs were still quite shapely, sheathed in dark-tinted, sheer nylon stockings. Her feet were shod in black patent leather pumps, making it clear she was not quite ready for senisible shoes.
Tearing his eyes from the sight of his grandmother’s shapely, sheer stockinged legs with an effort, Frank said, “I brought you the present from Europe, Grandmother...you remember.”
“Oh, yes,” Agatha said, brightly, her lined, heavily made-up face glowing. “That was so dear of you, Frank, to think of me like that.”
“Well, now, Grandmother,” Frank began—then stopped.
For his grandmother had casually, thoughtlessly, crossed her nylon stockinged legs. One shapely stockinged legs had slipped over the other, thos sheer stockings whispering as they rubbed together, slick and smooth. The action caused the hem of her dress to slip on the smooth film of her stockings, inadvertenly revealing lots of leg. Frank’s eyes now rivited on his elderly paternal grandmother’s sheer nylon stockinged legs. He felt his heart pound as the gorge of his fetish for hose and heels rose in him. The hem of his grandmother’s dress had slipped high, showing one of her upper thighs sheathed in the sheer, dark-tinted hosiery. He could just make out the darker-tinted top of his grandmother’s nylon stocking high up that thigh.
Ogling his grandmother’s nylon stockinged legs, Frank felt his bizarre desires, his depraved gerontophilia, grip him hard. It was time to make his move...
“You’re too kind, Grandmother,” he recovered, adroitly.
“Pooh, not at all, my dear boy...shall I open your present now?”
“Later,” Frank told his grandmother. “First, I have something to show you.”
Frank reached into the right pocket of his suit coat. He withdrew his hand. That hand held a large, gold pocket watch by its heavy gold chain.
“Ohhh, Frank,” Agatha exclaimed, her face mirroring her pleasure. “Is that what I think it is?”
“Yes, Grandmother,” Frank replied. “It’s Grandfather’s old railroad pocketwatch, the one you gave me.”
“But it’s so shiny...it’s like new!”
“I had it cleaned, Grandmother, and repolished by a expert jeweler in London. I wanted to restore it...for you...”
“Concentrate your eyes on the watch, Grandmother...Follow it with your eyes...watch it swing...back and forth...back and forth...”
“Oh, Frank... you shouldn’t have,” Agatha said, her eyes on the mirror-polished pocketwatch. “But I’m glad you did..it really polished up quire nicely, didn’t it, dear?”
“Yes, it really has, Grandmother,” Frank replied. “See how it catches the light?”
Holding the antique pocketwatch by its gold chain, Frank dangled the glittering timepiece before his elderly grandmother’s face. He let it swing, back and forth, in front of her eyes.
“See how it nicely it glitters...?”
“Yes...it’s lovely...”
“It really does catch your eyes...doesn’t it...Grandmother...?”
“Why...yes...” He detected a distraction in her voice. He continued to let the watch swing, glitteringly, before his grandmother’s eyes.
“Concentrate on the watch, Grandmother,” Frank commanded her. “Follow it with your eyes...watch it swing...back and forth...back and forth...”
He saw his grandmother’s lipsticked lips close. Her eyes beneath her pince nez moved back and forth, following the antique pocketwatch’s movements.
“You can’t take your eyes off the watch,” he told her. “Can you, Grandmother?”
“No...”
“Look at the watch,” Frank commanded his grandmother. “Look deep into it...look deep...deeper...deeper...”
All the while, he swung the glittering gold pocketwatch before his grandmother’s eyes, back and forth, back and forth. The brilliant flashes of the pocketwatch filled his grandmother’s eyes. Those eyes were fixed, unblinking. Inwardly, Frank thrilled as he watched his elderly grandmother slowly sink into hypnosis.
The parlor was silent now.
“You cannot move, Grandmother,” Frank commanded, still letting the glittering pocketwatch oscillate before her eyes. “All you can do is look into the watch...”
“Yes...”
“Now you will close your eyes, Grandmother...and sleep...You will go to sleep...sleep...sleep...”
“You are completely relaxed, Grandmother...completely relaxed...” He saw his grandmother’s body sag a bit.
“Yes...Grandmother,” he told her. “you are becoming so relaxed...so very relaxed...your body is so heavy...so heavy...you cannot move...at all...”
Frank watched his elderly grandmother’s body sag into the armchair. Her eyes were transfixed on the glittering watch.
“Now your eyelids are getting heavy, Granmother,” Frank commanded. “Your eyelids are so very heavy...Grandmother...you cannot keep them open...”
With a thrill, he watched his gray-haired grandmother’s blue-eyeshadowed eyelids begin to droop over her glazed, glassy eyes. Still the oscillating watch sent brilliant flashes into his grandmother’s eyes, transfixing her eyes.
“Yes...you cannot keep your eyelids open...you want to close them, Grandmother,” he went on. “You want to sleep...sleep...”
More and more his grandmother’s form sagged into the couch. She was sinking, slow and sure, sinking into the deep, deep dark pool of hypnosis...
“You are becoming sleepy...very sleepy...so very sleepy...you want to sleep...sleep...”
His grandmother’s eyelids, azure blue with eyeshadow, drooped lower over her staring, glazed eyes.
“Now you will close your eyes, Grandmother...and sleep,” Frank commanded her. “You will go to sleep...sleep...sleep...”
Frank now let the pocketwatch slow in its oscillation...then let it stop.
“Now you will sleep, Grandmother,” he commanded. “Yes...You will close your eyes now...and sleep...”
His grandmother’s blue eyeshadowed eyelids slowly closed. Her body slumped fully in the chair.
The room was deathly quite. On;y the ticking of the mantle clock could be heard.
Frank returned the pocket watch to his coat pocket. He would retain the watch. He would find use for it again.
His grandmother sat, still, unmoving, eyes closed. She was immersed in hypnotic sleep...deep hypnotic sleep...
“You are totally in my power, Grandmother,” Frank told her. “You will obey me. You will submit to me, totally. Tell me you will.”
“I...I will...” his hypnotized grandmother murmered, eyes closed, her voice drowsy with hypnosis.
“Stand up,” Frank now commanded his hypnotized elderly grandmother.
Frank’s heart pounded with his depraved triumph.
“Open your eyes now, Grandmother,” he commanded.
Slowly, her eyes opened.
“Take off your glasses, Grandmother...lay them on the table...”
She obeyed.
“Stand up,” Frank now commanded his hypnotized elderly grandmother.
Dazedly, the elderly matron rose to her high heeled feet.
Frank rose beside her.
“The bedroom...” he commanded...
* * *Some minutes later, Frank and his elderly grandmother were in her bedroom.
Frank sat on the edge of his grandmother’s huge, canopied bed, an ancient tester-type bed. His elderly grandmother stood before him. Her eyes were half closed and glazed with deep hypnosis.
Beside her, on the chair of her antique French dressing table, lay her dress. On top of it lay a white satin garter girdle. On the arms of the chairs, her coffee brown-tinted nylon stockings were draped. On the deep, royal blue Wilton carpet beside the chair rested her high-heeled pumps.
His elderly grandmother stood before him now, eyeglasses off, deeply hypnotized, wearing only a white satin brassier and white satin panties. He had commanded her to remove her dress...then her high heeled pumps...her stockings...her girdle...
Frank had stared at his elderly grandmother in her girdle, captivated by the sight. The tight, constricting foundation garment had smoothed her elderly form delightfully, its garters holding up her nylon stockings with wrinkleless perfection. Frank felt a fetishistic engrossment in his grandmother’s elderly body in the garter girdle. He wondered what it would be like to take her, with her only wearing the garter girdle and nylons...his head swam at the prospect. he’d have to explore that avenue later. He turned to the task at hand...
He stared at his sixty-year-old grandmother’s nearly naked body. Her large, heavy breasts sagged in the tight cups of her white satin brassier. The elderly matron’s were pendulous with their age and weight, large, hefty orbs that strained the large cups of her brassier.
His grandmother’s fleshy waist, thickened by age, was pinched in a bit by the waistband of her satin panties. Those panties seemed painted over her flaring hips and big, globular buttocks. Frank could make out his grandmother’s pussy outlined in the front of her tight panties. The sight made him quiver inwardly.
“Now, Grandmother,” he commanded her. “Take off your brassier.”
His elderly grandmother in her brassier and panties trembled at his command, although deeply hypnotized.
“Now, Grandmother,” Frank commanded the hypnotized old woman. “Hold your breasts up...hold them high...higher...obey...”
“You will slip your titties from your bra cups,” Frank commanded her again, firmly. “You will show me your breasts, Grandmother. Obey.”
Slowly, tremblingly, his grandmother’s fingers released her aged breasts from the cups of her brassier. Her lined hands cupped the sagging melons of her elderly breasts and lifted them free of the cups of her brassier, exposing them to her grandson’s eyes.
Frank nearly groaned as he stared at his grandmother’s naked elderly breasts. The aged woman’s breasts were like melons...just like his mother’s. Only while his mother’s breasts were ripe melons, his grandmother’s breast were overripe melons...
“Now, Grandmother,” Frank commanded the hypnotized old woman. “Hold up your breasts...hold them high...higher...obey...”
His hypnotized grandmother obeyed him. Her lined, age-spotted hands rose. They cupped her elderly milkbags and hefted them up. The weight of his grandmother’s titties made them hang, heavily, and their age made them sag somewhat. In her hands, though, they were more firm and round.
Frank stared and stared at his grandmother’s aged breasts as if hypnotized by them. Their sagginess and flaccidness, proof of her old age, only made those grandmotherly titties more bizarrely alluring. He noted that his grandmother’s nipples were protuberant, the aurole puffy and large in circumference, the nubby tips longer and thicker than any pencil eraser.
“You have such big titties, Grandmother,” Frank told her, huskily. His hands itched to cup those elderly milkbags, to squeeze and stroke those aged globes of his own grandmother. He contemplated suckling those big grandmotherly nipples...
“Release your breasts now, Grandmother,” Frank commanded.
Agatha obeyed her hypnotist—her grandson. Her aged tits flopped on her chest.
“Take off your brassier,” Frank commanded.
His elderly grandmother obeyed, reaching behind her to undo the back catches of her brassier. Moments later, the brassier floated to the carpet.
“Spread the lips of your pussy,” Frank commanded his hypnotized grandmother. “Show me your hot hole...”
“Now, Grandmother,” Frank commanded. “Take off your panties.”
His hypnotized grandmother, completely in the thrall of her grandson’s powerful mesmerism, obeyed him without hesitation.
Frank watched his gray-haired grandmother’s lined hands push down the tight white satin panties, over her fleshy hips, over her globular buttocks, then down her heavy thighs. She bent over, her fullsome, flaccid breasts bobbing, and eased her panties down her legs and then stepped out of them.
Now Frank beheld his elderly grandmother’s sixty-year-old pussy. His head swam with depraved. delerious gratification as his eyes feasted, gloatingly, on his own gray-haired elderly grandmother’s equally gray-haired elderly mount of Venus. Her vulva was protuberant, an almost perfect inverted pyramid of soft, curly, dark gray hair between her heavy, somewhat flabby upper thighs. Now Frank stared with fervid fascination at his grandmother’s elderly pink pussy lips nestled in her gray-haired bush.
“Sit down, Grandmother,” Frank ordered her.
She slowly sat on the bed.
“Spread the lips of your pussy,” Frank commanded his hypnotized grandmother. “Show me your hot hole.”
“Yes, " Agatha said, in the drowsy, entranced voice.
She reached down with both hands.
Slowly, her aged hands gently parted the scalloped pink lips of her labia. Now Frank could clearly see the dank darkness of his grandmother’s love tunnel.
“You have a magnificent pussy, too, Grandmother,” Frank told her. “You like showing me your titties and pussy...don’t you?”
“I...I do...”
“You want me to play with your big old titties...and your big old pussy...you want me to fuck your big old pussy...don’t you...”
Despite her hypnotized state, his naked grandmother’s form trembled. “I...I...”
“Yes, Grandmother...you want your own grandson to fuck your old pussy...your old pussy is getting wet now, just thinking about it...you are burning to have my young cock in your old pussy...tell me you are...”
His grandmother’s naked body trembled harder. But the elderly matron could not resist her grandson’s compelling hypnotic commands. “Yes...yes...I am...”
“Yes...” his hypnotized grandmother murmered to him, “I will...submit...to you...”
“I am gong to fuck you, Grandmother,” he rasped to the hypnotized elderly woman. “I am going to make you ride my cock...then I am going to fuck you from behind...and you will submit to me...tell me you will...”
“Yes...” His hypnotized elderly grandmother whispered. “I will...
submit...to you...”
Frank felt the flush of hot triumph course through him. His hypnotized grandmother was totally at his mercy now.
“It’s time you opened my gift,” he told her. “Open it...now...”
His naked hypnotized grandmother obeyed him. She walked slowly, trance-like, over to her dressing table, where her present from her grandson lay.
Slowly, her aged hands undid the ribbons, and unfolded the bright wrapping paper. Her hands then opened the box.
“Do you like your present, Grandmother?”
“Yes, Frank. It’s a lovely present...such exquisite lingerie...and stockings...and shoes...”
“You will put them on, Grandmother,” he commanded her.
“Yes, Frank...”
Frank slipped off his suitcoat, began to undo his tie, unbutton his collar. He glanced at his watch.
“Are you certain we’ll be alone—all morning?” He said to his grandmother, pulling off his tie.
“Yes...Frank...” his grandmother replied. “This is my maid, Mai Ling’s, day off. We...we will be quite alone.”
“Then you will remove the items from the box,” Frank commanded his grandmother. “Now.”
“Yes...Frank...” his grandmother answered in the drowsy, hypnotized voice.
From the box, Agatha withdrew what appeared to be two thin ribbons of dark gossamer.
They were a pair of sheer nylon stockings, fully fashioned, with seams and reinforced toes and pointed, Cuban-style heels. Those stockings were a misty black in tint, untra sheer, and full opera length. The gray-haired matron laid the stockings down on her bed.
Then she withdrew a pair of gleaming, patent leather stilleto-heeled pumps from the box. In turn, the gray-haired elderly matron withdrew a black satin and lace French open-cup fetish brassier, and a matching garter belt. Frank watched his grandmother carefully removing the erotic, fetishistic black lingerie, stockings, and pumps from the box and lay them on the mattress of her bed.
The thought of his grandmother wearing that black satin garter belt and those seamed nylon stockings at his command made his cock throb, hotly...
Frank shivered inwardly with fetish fever. The thought of his grandmother wearing that black satin garter belt and those seamed nylon stockings at his command made his cock throb, hotly. His phallus was a throbbing log now, tenting out his trousers.
His naked grandmother, in the act of picking up one of the seamed stockings, caught sight of her grandson’s huge hard-on that all but split his pants.
“Ohhh...my...”
The elderly woman quivered as she stared with hypnosis-glazed eyes at her grandson’s gigantic erection.
“You will put the lingerie and stockings and pumps on, Grandmother,” he commanded her hoarsely. “Then you will come to me...”
“Yes...Frank...”
The sixty-year-old, naked, gray-haired grandmother began to slip on one of the sheer, seamed nylon stockings whilst her grandson watched, feverishly, his now erect cock throbbing hotly...in burning anticipation...
At about this time, Frank’s mother, Martha Etheridge, was sitting at her bed. She had just come in from doing a bit of work on the garden, and was in the process of stripping to take a shower.
She had just opened her hamper to deposit her gardening denims in it...and stopped.
She had spotted a pair of black-tinted lace top nylon stockings...and a black lace garter belt...
Strange. She had just bought the stockings and garter belt. She recalled depositing them on her lingerie drawer. So what were they going in her hamper?
Martha reached a shapely hand down and picked up on of the stockings. The sheer stocking was a bit mussed, showing evidence of having been worn. When had she worn the stocking? She couldn’t remember...had she tried them on once she and her son, Frank, had returned from shopping late yesterday afternoon?
Her son...Frank...
A strange, whirling mist seemed to fill her head...
You will forget...forget...you will remember nothing...
Slowly...that shapley hand returned the stocking to the hamper.
Martha closed the hamper.
Then she walked...to the bathroom...to take that shower...
She remembered nothing...
At this precise moment, Frank’s heart was hammering in his chest...as he now surveyed his elderly, gray-haired grandmother...
“Show me your pussy hole again, Grandmother...”
His paternal grandmother, Agatha, lay on her bed. She now wore the black satin, French cupless fetish brassier, black satin garter belt, seamed, black-tinted nylon stockings, and black stilleto pumps...
And nothing else...
Frank made the slow, magnetic passes before his grandmother’s glazed eyes again.
“Yes, Grandmother...you are in my power...totally in my power...you will obey me, Grandmother...obey me...”
“I will...obey you...” his grandmother murmered, her glassy eyes transfixed on his hypnotic, magnetic gestures.
“Show me your pussy hole again, Grandmother...”
At his command, her lined, age-spotted hands again parted her elderly pussy lips.
“What a deep hole...a deep hole...it’s a hot hole...isn’t it Grandmother...?”
“Yes...honey boy...”
“I’m going into that hole...deep into that hot hole...Grandmother...”
“Yes...honey...honey boy...”
“Stay there...Grandmother...” Frank rasped, climbing on the bed. “Stay right there...”
* * *Minutes later, the bizarre, depraved tableau continued...on Grandmother’s bed...
“Oooooohhh...Frank—oooooooohhhhhh...” Agatha moaned and moaned to her grandson.
“Take me, Grandmother,” Frank commanded, raspingly. “Take me...take me...You will—take me—”
Frank’s naked butt pistoned upward, his naked hips sliding against the smooth stockings sheathing his grandmother’s inner thighs-and plunged his stiff and swollen cock pole into his grandmother’s pussy—
With a deep, deep groan, the sixty-year-old gray-haired grandmother spread her legs in the sheer, seamed nylon stockings even further-opening herself to her grandson’s formidable organ. She groaned again as her grandson’s massively erect cock thrust even deeper into her.
As her grandson had commanded her, the elderly matron was riding his rigid cock pole, taking his throbbing manhood deep into her aged love tunnel.
Frank, now stark naked, lay in the soft, marshmallowy mattress of his grandmother’s huge tester bed. His grandmother, now wearing the black satin and lace cupless brassier that supported and fully exposed her massive, flaccid old breasts, the matching garter belt that held up the misty-black tinted, seamed nylon stockings that sheathed her elderly but shapely legs, and the black patent high heeled pumps on her stockinged feet, was mounted atop him, straddling him, her back to his front. Her nylon hosed legs gripped her grandson’s naked hips. His hands gripped her flabby hips strapped tightly in the bandeau of her garter belt.
His grandmother’s elderly hips in the black satin and lace garter belt rose and fell, slowly, as she took her grandson’s stiff, throbbing prick into her gray-haired pussy...
All the while, his grandmother’s elderly hips in the black satin and lace garter belt rose and fell, slowly, as she took her grandson’s stiff, throbbing cock into her gray-haired pussy.
Beneath his grandmother, Frank’s body quivered with the effort not to fuck the sixty-year-old woman too forcefully. He upheaved his naked hips, those hips tingling in the grip of his grandmother’s sheer stockinged thighs, at a slow place, thrusting up into her aged pussy hole with restraint. It was hard horny work—his cock throbbed and throbbed in his grandmother’s elderly, but warm and velvety cunt tunnel, which spurred him to fuck her harder.
Despite his slow, careful fucking of her elderly pussy, his grandmother was gasping and groaning at his deep, deep thrusts into her depths. Her grandson’s virile penetration of her venerable mount of Venus drove the gray-haired matron to distraction.
“Oooooooohhhh...oooooohhhhh...Frank,” his grandmother groaned to him, eyes closed, her lined face twisting into a web of wrinkles with each body-killing thust of his immensely erect cock pole into her long-dormant pussy sheath.
He had spent several pulse-pounding moments first easing his throbbing, erect cock pole into his grandmother’s elderly pussy...
“Open-open to me—take me-take me—Grandmother—” Frank now commanded the hypnotized gray-haired matron, moaningly, his swollen cock pole pulsating hotly in the grip of her tight, soft, warm cunt tunnel. He thrust his erect phallus even deeper into his grandmother’s pussy sheath, penetrating her even further. She gasped and groaned above him. He felt his rigid shaft stretch that elderly pussy sheath, forcing her to give way to his invading hugeness. He felt her legs in the sheer nylon stockings grip spasmodically around his bare legs and her garter belted hips undulate beneath his hands. “Relax...relax...I command you...you will take my cock, Grandmother...every inch of it...every inch...”
It was a slow, slow, maddeningly slow, and hot, searingly hot, fuck with his sixty-year-old grandmother.
He had spent several pulse-pounding moments first easing his throbbing, erect cock pole into his grandmother’s elderly pussy. At sixty, his grandmother hadn’t had sex for a decade at least; her pussy tunnel had contracted from disuse, withered and shriveled. At his command, his grandmother had straddled him. Then, with a quick upthrust. he had entered that gray-haired old pussy of his grandmother.
She has gasped and groaned as she felt her grandson’s stiff, swollen organ spear into her. His cock had moved maddeningly slow into his grandmother’s pussy. The elderly matron had tossed her gray head, moaning deeply, begging for mercy as her grandson’s cock pole stretched her, electrically. But Frank, in the iron grip of his perverse passion for his old grandmother, only thrust deeper. Slowly, excrutiatingly slowly, his grandmother’s elderly depths were forced to yield to his steel-stiff, stabbing phallus. His grandmother had nearly swooned, as Frank, with a final push, had lunged himself completely into his sixty-year-old grandmother. It was like a lightening bolt that struck the elderly matron. Her aged body in the black satin and lace half-brassier and garter belt had heaved and heaved atop him, her heavy thighs in the sheer nylon stockings clenching, hard, around his naked thighs.
Then his elderly grandmother had gasped, shook violently, and then collapsed on him, his cock lancing to the root inside her. She shuddered and groaned. Frank groaned too, as he felt a warm, warm flow around his throbbing cock deep in his grandmother’s pussy. She had succumbed to a massive cum, a stupendous orgasm. Her pussy sheath palpitated around his rigid prick, and the hot love liquid inundiated his organ. Now, his grandmother’s pussy was pliant, lubricated by her flowing love liquid. He began to upheave himself, thrusting forcefully into his grandmother’s creaming cunt. She still moaned and groaned, distraughtly, at his deep, hard thrusts into her, but she took his pistoning shaft wholly now. Soon, the old woman’s moans and groans became moans and groans of pleasure from her grandson’s masterful fucking of her elderly love tunnel.
Hypnotized and subjugated, his grandmother took his thrusts into her old pussy, at first passively, but now passionately...she was becoming a hot fuck...his own gray-haired grandmother...
As Agatha rode her grandson’s rigid prick, her massive breasts quivered heavily in the cupless French fetish brassier. Her nipples were still stiffly erect from her grandson’s suckling mouth. The lewd French open brassier had been a perfect choice for his grandmother’s titties. The firm, black satin and lace underwired undercups pushed up and supported her elderly, sagging old breasts, while exposing them completely.
Frank had spent hours, it seemed, stroking his elderly grandmother’s huge, flaccid old breasts, squeezing and kneading the aged milkbags, while she moaned and moaned. Slowly, but surely, her old, drooping breasts had firmed and swelled in her grandson’s stroking hands. Those mountainous mounds had overfilled his hands, warm and soft grandmotherly milkbags.
Then Frank had fastened his lips to those aged nipples. He suckled the nubby nipples of his grandmother’s sex-swollen breasts with fetish fervour. Those big nipples filled her grandson’s mouth. His lips had pulled and pulled at those elderly, grandmotherly teats, suckling them like a famished man. His tounge had roved all over the swollen auerole and stiff tips of her nipples, inflaming them. When he had finally raised his lips from his grandmother’s nipples, they had swelled to twice their normal size, tinglingly erect.
Beneath his bobbing grandmother, Frank was trembling, hard-and not only from the effort of fucking his grandmother’s old but pliant pussy but also from the giddy sensation of committing the most depraved manner of incest imagineable. His temples pounded at the demented pleasure of gratifying his depraved fetish for elderly women by fucking his own, elderly, gray-haired grandmother.
Frank’s hands were now stroking his grandmother’s big, heavy thighs sheathed in the sheer nylon stockings as he thrust himself into her now pliant and well-lubricated pussy sheath. His palms prickled, hot and itchy, as they stroked those slick-smooth sheer stockings that encased his grandmother’s large rounded thighs, those filmy stockings now warm from her thighs. The feeling of his grandmother’s nylon stockinged thighs pressing and pressing, silky smooth, against his naked thighs as he upthrust his throbbing pole into her bubbling pussy gave him electric chills of fetish arousal. In his overheated mind, as he stroked his grandmother’s sheer stockinged thighs whilst thrusting and thrusting into her hot old pussy, he recalled the image of her slipping on those nylon stockings...
At his command, his hypnotized grandmother had slowly slipped her bare foot into the foot of the seamed, fully fashioned stockings. She had carefully fitted her toes and heel into the reinforced toe and heel pads of the stocking foot. Then she had rolled the sheer stocking up her elderly leg, whilst her naked grandson watched with fetish fervor. The opera length nylon stocking had sheathed her leg, to her upper thigh.
Then his elderly grandmother had clipped the suspenders of her garter belt to the welted top of the fully fashioned nylon stocking. She took a few exquisite moments to tug at the stocking top, ensuring her stocking seam was straight. His grandmother’s leg had glowed, darkly, smooth and alluring, in the sheer, seamed, nylon stocking...
Then his grandmother had slipped the other sheer, seamed stocking on...Frank’s cock had throbbed and throbbed as he watched his grandmother slip those sheer stockings over her shapely elderly legs...
The hot image galvanized Frank now. His cock had swollen to palpitating hugeness as it thrust masterfully, magnificantly into his grandmother’s pussy. Deep inside his elderly grandmother, her now tractable, yielding pussy tunnel stroked and stroked his pulsating phallus, lovingly. At the same time, his naked hips rubbed and rubbed, prickly hot, against those slick-smooth stockings sheathing his grandmother’s big thighs.
Frank’s cock had throbbed and throbbed as he watched his grandmother slip those sheer stockings over her shapely elderly legs...
Frank was in a swirling hot haze as he lunged and lunged into Grandmother’s deep, heavenly pussy. It was a hot and horny fuck with Grandmother now—a hot, horny, fetish fuck-with Grandmother-
His hips heaved and heaved upward, in the slick embrace of her nylon stockinged thighs, spearing his pole into his grandmother’s warm, moist pussy sheath. With a groan, his hands grasped his grandmother’s fleshy hips in the black satin garter belt, forcing her to ride his pounding prick even faster, as he upheaved to penetrate that old but hot and luscious pussy sheath to the deepest depths. “You’re a hot fuck, Grandmother,” Frank groaned, as he lunged even deeper and deeper into her now slippery and yielding love tunnel. “What a hot fuck—”
Agatha groaned, shaking intensely as her grandson’s rampant prick stretched her aged womb even further, killingly. Her soft, velvety pussy sheath enfolded his thrusting cock pole, stroking his raging hard-on, making it bloat with horny heat deep inside her. The sensation of his old gray-haired grandmother’s plushy, lubricous pussy sheath stroking, stoking his inflamed love organ incensed him, inflamed him, finally ignited him-explosively—
“UUUhhhhhhhHHhhhhhh—” Frank shouted as he felt his engorged cock pole give the final convulsive jerks deep into his grandmother’s moist, velvety love tunnel. A heartbeat later, his jolting prick was jetting streams of his semen like a roman candle, blasting into her elderly depths-
“OooooOoooHHHHHHHHHHHH—” his grandmother wailed, his elderly womb set on fire by the massive spurt and surge of her grandson’s ejaculating phallus deep in her. She suddenly began to sway above him, seized by bone-rattling shudders. Her grandson’s stiff prick had sent her into another delerious orgasm. “OOOOOHHHHHHH—DEAR BOY—OOOOHHHHH—OOOHHHHHHHHHH—”
The elderly grandmother collapsed on her grandson, limp, a quivering, quaking mass. Beneath her, her grandson shouted, raggedly, as his filled his grandmother’s sixty-year-old womb with his incestuous spend...
“So, Martha, you’ll come...and you’ll bring that wandering son of yours with you?”
“Of course...we’d love to, Stella.”
Martha Etheridge, the buxom, middle-aged mother of Frank, was sitting down at her kitchen table. Across from her sat Stella Walters, the middle-aged widow of Dr. Wilton Walters, the noted surgeon, and one of Martha’s closest friends.
Stella, a buxom, vivacious brunette, could have been Martha’s aunt, their hair and complexions, and facial structures were so close. Stella also boasted a sizeable bosom beneath the chartuse silk blouse she wore.
She had stopped by to remind Martha of a casual cocktail party she, Stella, was throwing at her home. There was no special occasion; just a social get-together. But, as she pointed out, it certainly was timely since Frank Etheridge had returned home after spending years in Europe.
“So it’s a good welcome home bash for your Frank as well,” Stella smiled.
“Yes it is, Stella. I know he’ll appreciate it.”
“Well, it’s just canapes and drinks....nothing special...how is Frank doing, by the by?”
“Oh, wonderful,” Martha gushed. “He’s so grown up, and so worldly and sophisticated, and he’s grown so handsome and so...so manly.” The middle-aged mother’s face glowed as she spoke.
Stella arched an eyebrow. “Well, Martha dear, he sounds like a dreamboat,” she said ironically.
“Well...he is...of course, that’s a mother’s opinion...”
“Well, I’ll have to make a point of meeting this prodigy tonight,” Stella returned.
Martha chuckled too, but inwardly, she felt a pang of jealousy. That’s so silly, she scolded herself. But she felt it nontheless...
“Of course, my husband is interested in meeting Frank, too-professionally...” Stella went on.
A thought leapt totally unbidden into Martha’s mind. I must wear a pair of nylon stockings...sheer, seamed nylon stockings...Frank loves my legs in sheer, seamed nylon stockings...I must wear them for him...to please him...
“...and be certain to invite your mother Agatha as well,” Stella was saying. “I tried calling her several times this morning, but her line was busy.”
“Really? That’s odd.”
“Yes...especially since Frank went over to visit her.”
“Is that right? And her line was busy during that? That is odd.”
“It is...but I’m certain it meant he wasn’t there then.”
“That’s logical.”
“At any rate,” Martha said, “I expect him back soon. I can’t imagine my worldly boy really has that much to talk about with his gray-haired church-going grandmother!”
At that very moment, as Martha and Stella chatted, the gray-haired, church-going grandmother was bent over her dressing table chair, on her nylon stockinged knees, moaning deeply, as her grandson thrust his rigid prick into her elderly pussy.
“That’s it, Grandmother...take my cock into your old pussy...take it...”
“Ooooooooooohhhh...dear boy....ooooooohhhhh...”
“That’s it, " he rasped, thrusting his stiff prick into her cunt at a more rapid pace. “That’s it, Grandmother...take my cock into your old pussy...take it...take it...”
Frank was on his knees directly behind his grandmother. He hands gripped his elderly grandmother’s fleshy hips strapped in the black satin and lace garter belt, firmly. His naked hips and bottom pistoned just as firmly back and forth, his naked, flat belly smacking her jutting, naked buttocks, as he plunged and plunged his swollen stiff prick into her gray-hair pussy.
For their second sexual tryst, Frank was taking his elderly grandmother from behind, doggie-style, as he’d told her he would. Holding the old woman’s garter belted hips firmly, he pushed his hips forward, then back, forward...back...his momentum thrusting his love tool to the cods into that aged but supple and slippery love tunnel.
Resting on her nylon stockinged knees, her lined hands gripping the head of the ornate chair, the sixty-year-old matron moaned and moaned at her grandson’s potent, virile fucking of her venerable old pussy. No longer was she gasping and mewling. Hers were moans and groans of hot, horny pleasure, raw sexual pleasure of having her aged pussy fucked deep and hard by her grandson’s formidable cock pole.
“Oooooohhhhh....Frank...dear, dear boy....” Agatha moaned. “You darling...you fill me...ooohhhhhh...fill me...so completely...it’s heavenly...heavenly...ooohhhhhh—”
Hearing his grandmother’s deep, raptuous moans as he lunged himself into her hot hole made Frank gloat with depraved triumph. First, he had mastered his elderly grandmother with hypnotism...now he had mastered her with his stiff prick.
Frank increased the speed and power of his thrusts into his grandmother’s gray-haired pussy...
That stiff prick throbbed and throbbed with horny heat as it plowed into that palpitating, warm, and velvety old pussy...the pussy of his gray-haired, elderly, aristocratic, respectable grandmother. Frank fairly vibrated with depraved elation.
Gripping her garter belted hips even harder, Frank increased the speed and power of his thrusts into his grandmother’s gray-haired pussy.
His naked belly, flat, muscular, smacked and smacked against his grandmother’s soft, warm bottom globes, with the force of his thrusts into her. His rigid prick was stabbing squelchily into his grandmother’s humid hot hole, to the root, with each thrust—he was achieving fantastic penetration, exhilirating penetration of that grandmotherly pussy. And his moaning, quivering grandmother was responding hotly, sensuously, to her grandson’s fucking of her pussy. Her garter belted hips now rotated in his gripping hands as she moved with him, superbly, meeting his passionate, powerful thrusts into her hot humid depths.
“Ooooooohhhhhhh,” his grandmother moaned at the faster, harder reaming of her cunt tunnel. “You’re going do deep...oooooooooooohhhh...so deep...dear, darling boy...I’m on fire...oooohhhh...”
As he humped his belly against his grandmother’s bottom, spearing his steely rod into her gray-haired quim, he left his hands rest on her big, rounded thighs sheathed in the fully fashioned nylon stockings. For a moment his hands caressed high up his grandmother’s aged thighs, feeling the taut welted tops of her stockings. This his hand slid, swishingly, down her thighs, stroking that smooth, stockinged way. Again, his palms prickled deliciously as they stroked those heavy grandmotherly thighs so smooth and silky in the filmy, whisper-sheer stockings. His cock throbbed heavily with fetish titillation as it worked wetly into his grandmother’s soft slippery love tunnel.
“You like being fucked—” Frank panted. “Don’t you—Grandmother—”
“Dear God—yes—oooooooohhhhhh—yes—” his elderly grandmother groaned in reply. “It’s..divine...ooooohhhhhhh...oooohhhhh...”
Frank’s brain swirled in a hot, horny haze. It was driving him mad fucking his elderly grandmother so hard and deep—as hard and deep as he’d fuck a young woman. His grandmother was opening herself completely to him now, lovingly taking his ramrodding cock pole, her aged pussy sheath enfolding his rampaging rigid prick, stroking his inflamed phallus, maddeningly, marvelously. He was consumed with his rutting fornication of his sixty-year-old, gray-haired grandmother. He kept spearing his rigid prick deep into his grandmother’s old pussy. His elderly grandmother was proving to be the hottest of hot fucks, hotter than even in his frevid, deprave wet dreams about her. This was the ultimate. This was glory.
“Ooooohhhhhhh—ooooohhhhhhhh—” Agatha groaned, helplessly. Her body in the black satin and lace fetish brassier, garter belt, seamed stockings, and black pumps, vibrated like a hummingbird’s wings. Frank groaned too as he felt her pussy sheath palpitate tremulously around his bloated, turgid prick in her. Both grandmother and grandson groaned now, as her steaming love liquid flowed copiously around his pistoning cock, as the old woman succumed to a mind-searing orgasm. “Ooooooooooohhhh—oooooooooOOOOOOOHHHH—”
“Uuuuuuuhhhhhh—uuuuhhhhhhhh—Grandmother—” Frank felt his cock lurch and lurch in her flowing, lubricious cunt tunnel. “You’re a hot river...what a hot river...”
Now, with a shuddering groan, Frank closed his eyes, his naked body tremulous. His rampant cock pole had began the electric surge and surge of imminent climax in his grandmother’s hot, humid, climaxing pussy. Sweat poured off of him, and he clenched his teeth, hard, trying to retain control.
“UUuuuuuhhh—Grandmother—I’m going to cum in you—again—” he grated, his cock pole pulsating in rosy toment in her moist, glowing pussy sheath.
“Cum in me, dear boy...my dear darling boy,” his grandmother’s moaning voice floated through the hot haze that enveloped him. “Cum in me...cum...in me...”
Frank’s cock exploded deep in his grandmother’s pussy. Wave after wave of hot spamas racked his body, as he spilled stream after sizzling stream of burning spend. Ejaculating massively into his grandmother’s already climaxing cunt, his jolting phallus was shooting into the hottest of hot deep springs now—
“Uuuuuuuhhh—” Frank groaned, racked with climatic convulsions. “I can’t stop—cumming in you—Grandmother—”
“Don’t stop,” his elderly grandmother groaned, deep in the throes of her thrilling, killing orgasm, her aged body convulsing with each white-hot spurt of her grandson’s phallus into her depths. “Don’t stop, darling boy—oooohhhhhhhhhh—don’t stop cumming—”
It was a searing, heart-pounding, endless cum into his grandmother’s volcanic pussy, one of the longest, most mind-blowing Frank could remember. It was the soaring crescendo to the depraved tableau of fetishism and incest...seething, fanatic fulfillment of his demented desires.
For a few minutes longer, the intertwined bodies of Frank and his elderly grandmother shuddered and convulsed as their climaxes ran their course. Slowly, gradually, they subsided. They stayed intertwined for a while afterward, in the afterglow of hot, horny rapture...
“Well, I’d better scoot,” Stella Walters said, glancing at her wristwatch. She rose from the kitchen table.
“Yes, I suppose you need to get things arranged,” Martha said, watching Stella take her cofee cup over to the sink.
“Oh, pooh, I have my housekeeper doing all that...By the way, I didn’t mention—Adele Forbes will be at the soriee tonight.”
“Adele! Why, she’s Frank’s godmother. She and her late husband were such good friends of my father-in-law and mother-in-law. But I thought she was on a cruise?”
“Oh, she was. She just got back. I saw her while shopping, and invited her. She mentioned she acted as Frank’s godmother when he was born, and that she’s really looking forward to seeing him again.” Stella grinned. “Golly, this is really getting to be a homecoming fete for your Frank!”
Martha laughed, pleased. “Yes, it certainly is!”
Meanwhile, Frank and his elderly grandmother were still deeply engaged in their own hot, horny homecoming.
“Take my cock into your mouth, Grandmother,” Frank commanded her...
Frank was committing the third and final act of lubricious depravity on his sixty-year-old grandmother for that long, licentious morning.
The aged matron, still wearing the lewd, fetish-arousing black satin and lace cupless brassier, garter belt, misty-black seamed nylon stockings, and black patent stilleto-heeled pumps, sat on the edge of her spacious canopied tester bed. Her grandson, stark naked, stood before her, his loins close to her lined, heavily made up face.
Frank’s phallus was tumescent, stiffening with rut. It throbbed, millimeters from his grandmother’s face.
“Take my cock into your mouth, Grand mother,” he commanded her.
Frank had decided his third cum would be in his elderly grandmother’s mouth.
“Yes...dear,” she replied in the drowsy voice. Frank had just placed his grandmother in a deeper hynotic trance.
He had made the magnetic passes before her glazed eyes, gloating as he watched his grandmother’s lined face slacken, her eyes glaze more as she sunk even deeper into hypnosis.
Now the old woman’s lipsticked lips parted. She closed her eyes and leaned her gray head forward...
Slowly, the sixty-year-old grandmother took her grandson’s erect cock into her mouth.
Frank groaned as he felt his grandmother’s lipsticked lips, soft and warm, close around his throbbing shaft.
“Suck my cock,” he commanded his elderly grandmother. “Suck it...suck it...”
Agatha’s gray-haired head began to slowly bob, up and down, as she slowly took her grandson’s stiff prick in and out of her mouth. Her red painted lips pressed firmly, yet gently, around that pulsating, ponderous cock pole. “Now, Grandmother,” Frank gritted, as his cock stiffened to horny hardness from her hot mouth, “Get on the floor-on your knees-obey me—”
Obediently, the hypnotized elderly matron released his cock. She slipped off the bed and onto the carpeted floor.
“Open your mouth—” Frank commanded.
Agatha’s lipsticked lips parted.
Slowly, Frank eased his throbbing shaft back into his grandmother’s mouth. He groaned as he felt her soft lipsticked lips press around his stiff shaft once again.
Now Frank began to fuck his elder grandmother’s hot mouth, slowly at first, then faster and faster-
Agatha relaxed her inner mouth, so she could take more of her grandson’s pulsating erection into her mouth. The elderly matron was proving quite adept at fellating her grandson’s phallus.
Agatha’s heavily rouged cheeks fluttered as she applied deep, hot suction to her grandson’s throbbing cock.
His cockpole glistened from her hot, wet mouth as it slipped in and out of it. His grandmother’s lipsticked lips pressed harder around his cock pole, rubbing all around it, making it pulsate with horny heat.
“That’s it, Grandmother,” Frank groaned, his knees becoming weak at the hot flashes radiating through him from his grandmother’s hot, deep sucking of his inflamed phallus. “Suck my cock—suck it—until I cum-in-your—mouth—”
His cockpole jolted and jolted, electrically, jetting streams of sperm into his grandmother’s waiting mouth...
Frank’s brain boiled as he slowly worked his throbbing cock in and out of his gray-haired grandmother’s hot, wet, luscious mouth...it was hot horny heaven fucking his grandmother’s mouth. Grandmother’s soft lipsticked lips pressed like a ring of horny fire around his pistoning, turgid pole. Now, with a deep groan, Frank’s hands grasped his grandmother’s gray-haired head, firmly. Holding her gray head with both hands, Frank’s naked hips bucked even faster back and forth, pistonng his burningly erect prick in and out of his grandmother’s hot, wet mouth.
In a horny haze, Frank stared down, watching his old grandmother’s lined face now radiating loving, lubricious rapture as she fellated her grandson’s throbbing cock pole.
That undid him. He groaned as a fireball exploded deep in his loins.
His washboard stomach clenched and clenched, his balls rumbling, tight in their hairy sac. His cockpole jolted and jolted, electrically, jetting streams of sperm into his grandmother’s waiting mouth.
Agatha moaned as her mouth filled with her grandson’s hot, spilling spend. His massive ejaculation overfilled his grandmother’s mouth, dribbling in white streams from his lipsticked lips.
“Yes—that’s it—,” Frank groaned hoarsely. “Take my spend—you will take my spend—I command you—you will take—my spend—every drop-every-drop—”
Agatha obeyed. She moaned, trembing, as she took her grandson’s spurting semen into her throat, and into into her.
He was cumming-a red hot cum-into his own grandmother’s mouth—
Frank’s strong hands now gripped his grandmother’s gray head tightly-he groaned and groaned—he seemed to be spilling gallons amd gallons into grandmother-his kneels felt weak, he barely held on-still ejaculating into Grandmother’s hot mouth-
Below him, his elderly grandmother moaned and moaned-her lined throat contracted and contracted-as she took her grandson’s massive, burning hot cum obediently...lovingly...
A little while later, Martha Etheridge returned home. She was surprised to find the house empty. Mabel, of course, had left long ago, but Frank...?
Could he still be at his grandmother’s? Martha hadn’t been kidding with Stella Walters earlier-she hadn’t expected her son to spend the entire morning at his grandmother’s. What could they have found to talk about?
On impulse, the middle-aged woman dropped her purse on the carpet and reached for the phone. She could call her mother-in-law at any rate
She dialed her mother-in-law’s telephone number...
“Yes, Mother,” Frank answered her.
“Did you spend all morning talking?”
“Oh, we had an interesting conversation,” Frank said into the telephone receiver.
Frank now stared at his elderly grandmother’s ravished body on the bed. The gray-haired matron lay flat on her back, eyes closed, still deeply hypnotized, still wearing the cupless fetish brassier, the garter belt, the seamed nylon stockings, and the stilleto-heeled pumps. “In fact, we had several interesting conversations.” Now his eyes shifted to his entranced grandmother’s lewdly exposed pussy, framed by the bandeau and suspenders of her garter belt. His white sperm still dribbled out between the pink lips of his grandmother’s elderly pussy from his two long, hot cums inside her. Frank’s eyes were filled with his grandmother’s gray-haired pussy, framed by her garter belt...such a hot, deep pussy...a heavenly pussy...He came back to earth. “Several in-depth conversations...”
“Well, good for you. I’m glad to have a nice time with your grandmother, dear.”
“Oh, I did.” Franks now stared at his grandmother’s spread, stockinged legs. Those elderly legs, still so shapely at sixty, glowed in the sheer, seamed, nylon stockings. He noted several thin, ladder-line runs in his grandmother’s nylon stockings, caused by their hard, horny fucking. “A very nice time...”
“That’s wonderful...put your grandmother on.”
“Well, she’s indisposed at the moment,” Frank temporized, staring at his elderly grandmother’s slack, lined features, her eyes closed, breathing slowly, submerged in the deep, powerful hypnotic trance. “But I’ll have her call you back, Mother.”
“Do that. Are you on your way home now, son?”
“Yes, Mother...I’m on my way...”
* * *A little while later, Frank, now fully dressed, was standing before his elderly, gray-haired grandmother. She was naked, save for the black lace garter belt and seamed nylon stockings, sitting on a setee by her bed.
Frank slowly passed a hand before his grandmother’s glazed, mesmerized eyes.
“Now you will go to sleep...sleep,” he commanded her.
His grandmother’s green eyeshadowed eyelids slowly closed. Her body relazed on the couch, her gray head slumping back. She was again deeply hypnotized.
“You can hear my voice...you will obey my voice...”
“Yes...” she said, faintly, drowsily.
“You will receive instructions from me now, Grandmother. And you will obey them. Do you understand?”
“Yes...”
“Soon you will awaken, feeling wonderfully refreshed. You will remember nothing of this morning, except that we have a nice little chat. You will be, to all appearances, awake. But you will remain under my power. You will fall into a deep sleep whenever I command you to, and you will obey me. Do you understand, Grandmother?”
“Yes...I understand...”
“Now listen carefully, Grandmother. When I speak the words, “Stilleto Heels,” you will immediately fall back into a deep trance and obey my commands. Do you understand my instructions?”
“Yes...I understand...”
“You are my slave, Grandmother. I am your Master. You will submit to all of my commands. You will continue to wear sheer stockings and high heels. You will wear them to please me. Tell me that you will.”
“I...I will wear...sheer stockings...and high heels...for you...” His elderly paternal grandmother’s drowsy voice repeated his commands.
“You will surrender your body to me. You want to surrender to me. You want your grandson to make love to you again. Don’t you, Grandmother?”
“Yes...dear...”
“Now I am going to snap my finger, Grandmother. When I do snap my fingers, you will put on the clothes you wore this morning. Then you will show me out. And then you will call Mother and tell her what I instructed you to tell her. Do you understand, Grandmother?”
“Yes...”
Frank snapped his fingers.

The Erotic Mind-Control Story Archive
What’s New · Titles · Authors · Categories · Readers’ Picks · FAQ · The Garden of MC · MC ForumStory: Hypnotism, Hose, and High HeelsAuthor: Anonymous-014← 4 of 4    
HYPNOTISM, HOSE, AND HIGH HEELS
CHAPTER FOUR: GODMOTHER’S GARTER GIRDLE...
Later, much later, in the evening, Frank was strolling through the living room and patio of the residence of Mrs. Stella Walters, sipping a bourbon and branch water, mingling with the other guests of the informal cocktail party.
It had proven to be quite an impromptu homecoming affair for Frank. He had renewed acquaintances with a large number of people from his past, including old school chums and friends and professional collegues of his late father and grandfather. One acquaintance had proved quite interesting; his sister, Lori, had introduced him to her girlfriend, Mona Walters, the daughter of their hostess. Frank had responded to Mona almost immediately. She was a striking brunette with long, raven hair, and shapely figure, a sultry, come-hither manner, and, best of all, long, lovely legs. Mona was wearing a lavendar sleeveless cocktail dress with a daring slit cut in the sides, displaying the fact that she was wearing glossy, black-tinted nylon stockings and skyscraper high-heeled black pumps. Mona had shamelessly flirted with Frank until her mother requested her and Lori’s help in the kitchen.
Watching Mona depart, her shapely, sheer stockinged legs flashing through the slit in her dress, Frank knew that he would get to know his sister’s girlfriend much better...much more intimately...and very soon...
With that provocative throught, Frank caught sight of his grandmother, Agatha. She was wearing a mauve evening gown that set off her busty elderly figure to perfection. Frank thought of how it had been, thrusting his rigid pallus into that hot, gray-haired pussy... His love organ stirred within the confines of his suit trousers.
“Well, hello, Frank,” a soft, cultured feminine voice spoke behind him.
Frank turned around. He stopped.
Adele Frobisher stood before him, smiling. He managed a smile back, while inside his heartbeat suddenly sped. It was his elderly, aristocratic godmother, who was best friends with his grandmother, Agatha. She was a wealthy dowager, thanks to her late husband’s successful medical practice. Staring at his godmother, who was his grandmother’s age, a tall, statuesque matron with silver gray hair cut in the Parisian fashion, so elegant and blue-blooded, Frank suddenly felt the hot stirrings of his depraved gerontophilia.
It was certainly understandable. His elderly godmother was wearing a black chiffon cocktail dress with a low-cut bodice, that exposed the hilly upper mounds of her obviously still firm bosom. The clingy chiffon dress was snug around her body, outlining her ample curves. The dress hem ended just at her knees, so that Frank was afforded a tantalizing view of his elderly godmother’s dimpled knees, shapely calves sheathed in sheer, seamed glossy silvermist-tinted nylon stockings, the shapeliness of her sheer stockinged lower legs enhanced by the dove grey high heeled Italian pumps she wore on her stockinged feet. Black lace evening gloves completed the ekegant, chic, formal ensemble.
“Are you all right, Frank,” he heard his godmother’s quiet, cultured voice through the haze of his sudden hot, erotic reaction to her. “You’re looking at me so strangely...”
Frank mastered himself with an effort of willpower. He tore his eyes from his godmother’s glossily stockinged legs. “Oh, I’m fine...perhaps just a bit of residual jetlag.” His voice was calm, but inside, he was boiling. His gray-haired, elderly, but voluptuous godmother...standing before him...another of the women of his youth who had aroused his adolescent libido...
“Well, Frank, dear, I think you’ve been neglecting your godmother,” Adele told him, softening the rebuke with a smile. “I’m just dying to hear all about your time in Europe—I love it whenever I visit there, and I’m certain you did as well. When can we have a little chat?”
“Why not now?” Frank replied, thinking quickly. He glanced out the open French door, to the outside patio, lit dimly by Japanese lanterns. “Let’s go outside, where we can be alone and I’ll tell you all about it...Godmother...”
Adele, smiling, took her godson’s arm. “Lead on Frank, darling. I’m all ears...”
“Where’s your tall, dark, and handsome son?” Stella Walters, the cocktail party’s hostess asked Martha Etheridge as they both placed trays of canapes on the buffet table.
“Oh, I just saw him and Adele Frobisher walk out to the patio. They appeared to be deep in conversation,” Martha replied.
“Well, I’d like to get him deep in conversation about the latest Paris Fashions,” Stella returned, archly.
“Oh, please don’t disturb him now, Stella,” Martha advised. “Adele is his godmother after all...let her spend a few minutes with him.”
“You’re right, Martha...it’ll keep.”
Frank and his elderly, aristocratic, silver gray-haired godmother were now esconced in a far corner of the patio, a distance away from the cocktail party inside. Sputtering Tiki torches fitfully lit the scene. The young man and his elderly godmother sat on upholstered lawn chairs, facing each other.
In stark contrast to the convivial noise of the festivities within the house, it was deathly quiet on the patio.
Frank sat directly in front of Adele now, facing her. His hands were moving slowly, fluidly, before the elderly dowager’s lined, heavily made-up face.
He was making the magnetic passes of mesmerism before his aged godmother’s eyes.
Adele’s eyes were half-closed, following her godson’s hands slowly moving hands. Her lined, heavily made-up face was slack, expressionless. Her eyes were glassy.
“Yes, Godmother,” Frank said to her, quietly but commandingly. “Keep concentrating on the movement of my hands...concentrate on them...you can see nothing else but my hands...you can hear nothing else but my voice...”
His aged godmother’s eyes were rivited on the magnetic passes of his hands.
“You cannot move, Godmother,” Frank told her. “Your body is totally relaxed now.”
He saw his godmother’s form seated on the lawn chair grow limp.
“Yes, you are completely relaxed now...you cannot move...cannot move...all you can do is watch my hands...and hear my voice...and obey my voice...tell me that is so...”
“Yes...” Adele murmered, her voice low, her glazed eyes fixed on his moving hands.
For a few moments, Frank continued making the magnetic, mesmeric passes before his elderly godmother’s eyes. The aged dowager sank deeper and deeper into hypnosis.
“Now, Godmother...you will surrender your will to me...you are completely in my power now...you will obey me...you will obey me completely...tell me that you will obey me...”
“Now you are going into a deep sleep, Godmother...you are going into a deep, deep sleep...”
“Yes...” the elderly matron murmered.
“Now you are going into a deep sleep, Godmother,” Frank commanded. His hands continued making the magnetic, mesmeric passes before her eyes. “You are going into a deep, deep sleep...”
The elderly dowager’s silver eyeshadowed eyelids drooped over her glassy eyes.
Frank now passed a hand over his godmother’s eyes. “You will close your eyes, Godmother,” he commanded. “You will close your eyes...and sleep...”
Frank lowered his hand. He saw that his grandmother’s green eyeshadowed eyelids were closed over her eyes. She was sagging back against the chair, her breathing long and slow.
He gloated inwardly at his fast, facile hypnotizing of his aged godmother. His command of hypnotism was masterly. But he had no time for self-congratulations now...he had to work quickly.
“Godmother,” he said to her. “You can hear my voice...can’t you?”
Eyes closed, the mesmerized old woman’s lipsticked lips parted.
“Yes...”
“You will obey my voice.” Frank commanded her.
“Yes...”
“You have no will of your own...you will surrender your will to me...you will obey me, completely.”
“I...will...obey you...” the hypnotized elderly dowager murmered.
“I will give you some instructions and you will obey them, Godmother. Now, listen to me, very carefully...”
“Gosh, Adele, I’m sorry you’re not feeling well,” Stella Walters said, some few minutes later, to the silver gray-haired dowager. “I hope it’s nothing serious.”
“Oh, no, Stel. I get these headaches from time to time. I just need to go lie down in the dark overnight, and I’ll be fine.”
“I’m glad it’s nothing more serious.” Stella stared at Adele’s face. “You do seem a bit pale and your eyes seem unfocused. You’d better not drive, Adele. Let me call you a cab.”
“Oh, no,” Adele waved her hand. “That’s already settled. My dear grandson, Frank, has offered to drive me home in my car, and see that I’m settled in for the night. He’ll take a cab home afterwards.”
To a less casual observer, the elderly woman’s tone would have sounded artificial, her explanation too facile, as if she were reciting lines in a script. But Stella, of course, was oblivious to any such nuance.
“Well, I suppose that proves he is a sweet boy, as his mother and grandmother keep telling me. I’ll tell them he’s taking you home. I hope you feel better tomorrow.”
“I’m sure I will...”
Shortly, Adele’s big gray Studebaker moved swiftly through the light evening traffic.
Frank drove.
In the front bench seat beside him sat his elderly godmother.
Her silver gray head rested against the tall seat back. Her eyes were closed, her bosom rising and falling beneath her mink evening coat, slowly.
Frank had again hypnotized his godmother, putting the elderly dowager into a deep hypnotic trance.
Now, he spoke.
“You can hear my voice, Godmother, can’t you?”
The hypnotized elderly woman, eyes closed, stirred slightly. Her red lipsticked lips parted.
“Yes...” she murmered, barely audibly.
“You will obey my voice.”
“Yes...” Adele’s cultured voice was drowsy with deep hypnosis.
“We are going to your house,” he told her. “When we get there, we will both go into your house, quite normally. When we are inside your house, you will go into a deep trance and you will obey all my comands. Tell me that you will.”
“I...will obey...”
Frank’s heart was beating rapidly. He glanced over at his elderly godmother, where she sat, slumped back on the car seat, eyes closed, deeply hypnotized.
She was completely in his control now....completely...his elderly godmother...
His eyes then moved down, from his godmother’s slack, lined features, down, to her legs. In the dim car interior, those elderly legs glimmered in those sheer, seamed silvermist nylon stockings...silvery stockings shimmering on his godmother’s legs...
His cock throbbed in his trousers.
“You have lovely legs, Godmother,” he told her, his voice hoarse with arousal.
“Do you...like them...dear...?”
“I do...especially in those stockings...”
“Do you like...these stockings...?”
“Yes...I’ve always liked your legs in sheer stockings...and you always wore sheer stockings...and high heels... you teased with those legs of yours in sheer stockings...when I was a little boy...but now you are going to show me your legs...aren’t you, Godmother?”
“Yes...if you wish...me to...”
“I do. You will show me your legs when I command you to show them to me...and you are going to show me the rest of your body...when I comand you to...and then you will submit to me...when I command...you will not be able to resist...you want to obey my commands...you want to submit to me...don’t you, Godmother...?”
“Yes...” the hypnotized elderly woman murmered, eyes still closed in deep mesmeric sleep. “I do...”
“You want to submit yourself to me...to have me take you...don’t you...?”
Frank’s swollen, throbbing cock pole was now thrust to the root into his sixty-year-old godmother’s pussy...
“I...I do...”
“Now, Godmother...you will go back to sleep...until we arrive...sleep, now, Godmother...sleep...”
His elderly godmother sank back into hypnotic sleep.
Frank concentrated on his driving, his heart hammering with anticipation...
* * *“Ooooooohhhh...Frank...ooooohhhhhhhhhh...I...you’re so...so big...so big...honey...
ooooohhhhhhhhh—”
“You will take me, Godmother...you will...take me...”
Now, with a final thrust, Frank’s super-stiff cock pole penetrated the last few inches into his elderly godmother’s palpitating, silver gray-haired pussy—
“Ooooooohhhhhhh—” the elderly dowager groaned. “Ooooooohhhhhhhhh-Frank-My God-Ooooooooohhhh—”
“I’m in you,” Frank groaned back at her. “I’m in you...in you-completely—”
It was true. Frank’s swollen, throbbing cock pole was now thrust to the root into his sixty-year-old godmother’s pussy.
“Now, Godmother,” he gasped. “Move up and down...that’s it...ride my cock...”
Groaning, shaking, the hypnotized elderly dowager obeyed. She slowly rose and fell, rose and fell, taking her godson’s rigid prick into her seething depths.
They were in Adele’s living room. Frank was seated in one of the elderly dowager’s plush chairs, besides a plush couch. He was naked from the waist down. His godmother was straddling him, her back to him, her legs in the sheer, silvery nylon stockings resting atop his bare thighs.
His godmother wore a black satin garter girdle around her middle. The girdle’s garters pulled her sheer silvermist stockings as smooth as glass over her aged but lovely legs. She still wore the gray Italian pumps and the black lace evening gloves.
It had been a wild, impulsive coupling. Frank, who had just slipped off his shoes, trousers, and briefs, had stared at the tall, queenly dowager standing before him, who at his command had removed her evening gown, and a black satin brassier and matching panties. All she wore was the shiny black satin garter girdle, seamed, silvermist stockings, and high heeled pumps and black lacegloves.
The sight of the elderly woman wearing the black satin garter girdle, her large, pendulous breasts and pussy covered with silvey gray hair fully exposed, had galvanized Frank. He recalled, his pulses racing, how his elderly, gray-haired grandmother had looked in her white girdle and stockings...how he had wondered how it would be, to fuck a woman while she wore girdle and stockings..now, he was going to find out...with his own, elderly godmother...
That undid him. He commanded his aged godmother to come to him and then turned her about. He urged her down, down, easing her onto his lap, her sheer stockinged legs rubbing slickly against his supporting thighs. Lower and lower he eased her down...down...until finally, marvelously, he entered his elderly godmother.
Ablaze with horny rut, Frank now thrust himself forcefully into the elderly dowager. Above him, Adele gasped and groaned, beside herself at her godson’s terrific penetration of her old, shriveled pussy. He felt her legs tense, hard, beneath the silvery film of her sheer stockings, as her body swayed and swayed. Frank grasped her hips just below the hem of her garter girdle, holding her, firmly. He upheaved his loins, strongly. His stiff, swollen cock pole thrust deep, awesomely deep, into his elderly godmother’s pussy.
“Ooooooohhhhh—Frank—Frank—” Adele groaned, helplessly, as her godson’s formidable organ invaded her, devastated her. “Ooooooohhhh—ooooohhhhhh-dear God—”
Swirling mists of horny heat suffused Frank as he worked his throbbing cock pole deep, deep, superbly deep into his elderly godmother’s now yielding, quivering cunt tunnel. The burning ecstacy of penetrating elderly pussies that had become shriveled and wizened from disuse, forcing his hugely swollen cock pole into those withered old pussy sheaths, stretching them, compelling those old pussies to take his immense erection consumed him. Fucking his elderly grandmother’s pussy had been hot, horny bliss. Now fucking his elderly godmother’s pussy, forcing the elegant, aristocratic dowager to ride his rigid cock, was just as stupendous.
Frank’s hands slipped off his godmother’s now bucking, garter girdled hips. As she now rode his stiff, throbbing phallus, groaning deeply at his powerful penetration of her aged womb, Frank’s hands began to stoke the elderly dowager’s heavy, firm thighs sheathed in the sheer, glossy, silvermist stockings. His stroking palms tingled and tingled with hot fetish friction as they rubbed against those whisper-sheer nylon stockings, feeling the taut film of those stockings and his godmother’s warm, satiny thighs beneath. He thought of how his elderly godmother’s long, lovely legs had gleamed and glittered in those iridescent nylon stockings. Frank’s cock pulsated holtly as it thrust and thrust up into her old pussy.
After several thrusts into his godmother’s now yielding and pliant depths, Frank felt her pussy sheath begin to spasm and spasm against his thrusting phallus. With a long, lingering groan, his elderly godmother succumbed to a seizing orgasm. He groaned too, as he felt the balming flow of his godmother’s love liquid inundiate his thrusting cockpole as she shook and shook above him, in the high-voltage electric grip of her climax.
“Oooooohhhhh—Frank—I’m going to die—oooohhhhh—just die—oooohhhhhhhh—”
Holding his shaking, quaking, elderly godmother by her girdled hips, firmly, Frank increased the powerful strokes of his rigid prick into her churning, burning cunt tunnel. His inflamed phallus lurched and lurched now in the elderly woman’s enfolding pussy sheath, as the hot love lquid flowed, like a river, in her. Groaning soulfully, Frank increased the speed of his upheaves, thrusting his rampant cock pole easily, unctuously, into the now well-lubricated love tunnel of his elderly godmother.
With a quivering moan, the elderly dowager in the black satin garter girdle, seamed, silvermist nylon stockings, gray Italian pumps, and black lace gloves, now heaved herself up and down, up and down, like a Jack-in-the-box, as she rode her godson’s up-thrusting cock pole. She groaned and moaned with pulsating pleasure as her godson’s immensely stiff phallus impaled her frothing sliver gray-haired pussy slit. Her lined face was flushed with sexual passion benath her heavy make-up. Her breasts jiggled with her movements, sex-swollen, her nipples erect. Enmeshed in the deep hypnotic trance. the elderly dowager surendered herself to her godson’s deep, hard fucking of her pussy. She rode his thrusting cock like an aged cowgirl riding a bucking bronc.
Gripping her girdled form tightly as it rose and fell, Frank exulted—his godmother, the proud, aristocratic, society matron, had succumbed to the sexual fire that raged in her from his masterful fucking of her elderly pussy. He lunged and lunged upward, faster and faster, thrusting deeper and deeper into hot, horny, pussy heaven whilst his godmother rode him, ecstatically.
For several blazing minutes, godmother and godson lost themselves in their hot, wet, and juicy fuck. Then, Frank shouted as his hips jerked upward, violently, carrying his elderly godmother’s bucking body with his, as he detonated, surgingly, into her...
“So Frank took Adele back to her home?” Agatha asked her daughter-in-law, Martha, as they took drew on their evening wraps, prepatory to leaving the home of Dr. and Mrs. Walters. The cocktail party had dwindled down to only a few couples. Their host and hotess and their daughter, Mona, were helping their housekeeper clear things away. Lori had already left in her own car.
“Yes,” Martha replied, buttoning her wrap. “The poor dear felt poorly—she had a headache or something, Stella said. She really wasn’t fit to drive, so Frank drove her home himself.”
“Frank drove her home?” Agatha queried, suprised.
“Yes, rather than have her take a cab...anthing wrong with that, mother-in-law?”
“No...that’s rather good of Frank,” his grandmother said, with a loving smile.
“It certainly is,” his mother returned the same smile. “He even said he’d stay with her until she was settled.”
“Well good...and that explains why he didn’t return to the party. Poor Frank! He really missed most of the party.”
Her daughter-in-law sighed and nodded.
Meanwhile, Frank was having a party.
A hot, horny party...with his elderly godmother...
Frank had old woman kneeling on the plush chair, one nylon stockinged knee sinking deep in the plush seat cushion. Her other long, lovely leg, sheathed in the sheer, silvey nylon stocking, extended down, her stockinged foot in the gray Italian pump flat on the carpet. She rested her arms of a table next to the chair. The pose raised the kneeling, elderly dowager’s big, globular buttocks high, perfectly positioning her elderly pussy.
Frank was positioned behind his elderly godmother.
He was thrusting his stiif, throbbing cock pole into his elderly godmother’s pussy, taking her from behind...
His naked hips and bottom pistoned back and forth, back and forth. He was again thrusting his stiff, throbbing cock pole into his elderly godmother’s sliver gray-haired pussy, penetrating that aged but hot and fervid love tunnel, gloriously, taking her from the rear this time.
His godmother’s big, bulging bottom wriggled with erotic stimulus, as did her entire body, from her grandson’s ramrodding thrusts into her. She groaned and groaned with seething pleasure, her groans increasing the deeper her godson plunged his stiff phallus into her seething elderly love tunnel.
Fron behind, Frank had a fantastic view of his godmother’s long, gorgeous legs sheathed in those glossy, silvermist nylon stockings. He watched his godmother’s legs tense and tense beneath those shimmery sheer stockings every time he plunged his rigid pole into her hot, humid hole. His eyes followed the long seams of his elderly godmother’s stockings, up and down her stockinged legs. Quaking with fetish ferment, his hands ardently stroked those elderly thighs in those slick-smooth silvery nylon stockings now, as he increased the power and speed of his phallic thrusts into her steaming depths.
“Ooooohhhhh—oooohhhhhhhhh—” Adele groaned, shivering with horny heat, her lined face grimacing with her godson’s thrilling, killing cock-thrusts into her eldery but now sex-inflamed pussy. “Oooooohhh—Frank—darling—my darling—oooooohhhhhh—I shall die—die with pleasure—my dearest—sweetest-honey—oooohhhhhhhhh—”
His elderly godmother’s hot, honeyed words inflamed him. As a boy, the proud, haughty, aristocratic matron had aroused him, secretly. She had treated him like a child, fondly, hugging him, kissing him, exciting him...now his proper, blue-blooded godmother was taking his stiff cock, loving it, while his hands stroked the sheer stockings on her still-lovely elderly legs. His brain boiled with his demented passions—he heaved and heaved his naked hips even faster, his naked belly spanking her aged bottom globes, his momentum spearing his immensely erect prick into her old pussy at a breakneck, body-killing pace.
“You like being fucked by your own godson...don’t you, Godmother...” Frank panted for breath at the heavy, horny exertion of thrusting his stiff prick as deep, as hard, and as fast into his elderly godmother’s cunt as he possibly could.
“Yes—oooooohhhhhhhyes—darling—you stallion—ooooohhhhhhhhh—”
Sweat poured off him in a stream, he was in a wild dream—Frank’s pistoning hips were a blur now, his hard belly spanking his elderly godmother’s half-moon bottom cheeks rosy red, as his inflamed organ reamed her sobbing, silver gray haired cunt, sending them both on the way to a crashing climax—
“Uuuuuuuuuuuuhhhhhh—uuuuUUUUUUUUHHHHHHH—”
Frank roared, his insides churning, burning, cataclysmically, his distended organ spilling in his elderly goamother’s hot caldron of a pussy, shatteringly, whilst she screamed at his vast, searing ejaculation into her—both the sharking, shuddering forms of the elderly woman in the black garter girdle, seamed stockings, and high-heeled pumps, and her naked godson fell from the cahir onto the carpet with a crash—they lay in a heap, groaning, moaning, in a delirious daze from their shared climatic concussion...
At about this time, Agatha Etheridege, in her bedroom, readying for bed, stared at the telephone on her bedside table, with a frown on her lined features.
Should I call Adele? she mused. See how she’s feeling, poor dear...?
The elderly grandmother was standing by her bed, wearing a red satin brassier, garter belt, panties, charcoal gray-tinted nylon stockings, and black evening pumps. Her gown was already hung up in her antique Edwardian wardbrobe.
Of course, feeling poorly, Adele is likely in bed and sleeping by now... Agatha mused. It wouldn’t do to awaken her...
The elderly matriarch of the Etheridege family absently reached down to unclip her garter belt suspenders from her stockings. She glanced down at her stockinged legs as she did. The old woman’s heavily curved legs glowed in those stockings—ultra sheer, seamed, fully fashioned nylon stockings...
Agatha had developed a sudden compulsion to wear the sheerest stockings and highest-heeled pumps, even if they exceeded respectablility. She couldn’t help herself. She knew that she must always wear sheer, seamed stockings and high-heeled shoes...because her grandson, Frank, wanted her too. Always. She wanted to please her handsome grandson...please him in any thing he asked of her. The sixty-year-old woman felt a warm, almost fiery glow deep in her when she thought of her grandson, Frank. Her heart had beat rapidly, and she felt hot flashes when the dear boy was near her tonight...she loved her sweet grandson so...Frank was more than her dear, darling boy...he was a man, a virile man...what a man...she would do anything for her beloved grandson...anything he asked...anything...any time he asked...
Anything...any time...
Basking in the effulgence of her devoted love for her grandson, Agatha slowly unclipped the taut garter suspenders from the welted top of one of her stockings. Her lined hands began to roll that shear nylon stocking down her elderly thigh.
I’ll let Adele have a good night sleep, she decided. I’ll call her tomorrow...
“On your knees, Godmother,” Frank ordered the elderly dowager.
Slowly, the hypnotized society matron, still wearing the black satin garter girdle, seamed, silvermist stockings, gray high-heeled pumps, and black lace gloves, lowered, slowly, down to the carpet...Now, she rested on those stockinged knees before her naked godson.
Her lined, heavily made-up face was inches from Frank’s turgid cock pole.
“You will take my cock into your mouth,” Frank ordered his hypnotized elderly godmother.
Slowly, Frank eased his stiff prick into his aged godmother’s mouth...
“Yes...” the elderly dowager murmered, in the drowsy voice.
“Open your mouth...”
The elderly woman’s lips parted. Slowly, Frank eased his stiff prick into his aged godmother’s mouth.
He moaned at the feeling of his godmother’s lipsticked lips, soft and warm, closing around his turgid cock.
“Yes...take my cock into your mouth...” Frank groaned to his godmother.
Adele obeyed. Eyes closed, her allowed her godson’s swollen pole to slip into her mouth...she relaxed her throat, letting him go deep into her mouth...now his cock root was in the warm, soft grip of his godmother’s lipsticked lips, whilst his cock shaft throbbed, pressing against her luscious inner mouth.
“Now suck my cock, Godmother,” he rasped, heatedly. “Suck my cock...make my cock stiff and hard again...so I can fuck your old pussy once more...”
With a moan, her mouth full of her godson’s throbbing cock, the elderly dowager began to apply suction, deep, hot suction, to her godson’s phallus. Her rouged cheeks bellowed in and out, slowly, as she sucked his swollen shaft, exquisitely.
Above her, Frank groaned. His elderly godmother, the haughty, aristocratic dowager, proved to be a superb cocksucker. She kept up the slow, hot suction on his inflamed cock pole. All the while, her lips moved up and down his steel-stiff shaft, rubbing his hard-on exquisitely with her soft, warm, liquid lips. Slowly, electrifyingly, his cock pole inflated with horny heat in his godmother’s hot sucking mouth...
Through lust-slitted eyes, he watched his elderly godmother’s silver-gray head move back and forth as she took his bloated cock pole in and out of her moist, steamy mouth. He was supremely erect now, his cock shaft pulsating beneath her stroking lipsticked lips, his balls filling with fiery cum...
One more fuck...one more cum...
* * *Some time later, they were on the couch.
Godmother and godson were in a deep clinch, sunk in the deep cushions of the couch. Their arms were wrapped tightly around each other. His naked body and her fleshy body strapped in the black satin garter girdle were merged into one. Adele’s aged, sex-swollen breasts mashed and mashed against her godson’s naked, barrel chest in their deep embrace.
Godmother and godson kissed...long and deep and slow...his godmother’s lipstick was like a sweet glue, sealing their lips together. Inside their fused mouths, their tounges slipped and slid together, lovingly, sharing a lingering, intoxicating French kiss...
It had been a hard, horny fuck...a spectacular fuck...on the couch...
They were covered with sweat. Frank’s slim, muscular form was covered with a sheen of sweat as was his elderly godmother’s body, her persperation making darker patches on her black satin garter girdle, and causing her damp nylon stockings to gleam, liquidly, over her shapely legs. His naked body and her girdled body pressed together, slippery, in a tight clinch, mouth to mouth, kissing rapturously. Frank’s face was flushed, his godmother’s lined, face glowed, her sweat causing her heavy makeup to run a bit. Between Adele’s white thighs in the black girdle garters and silvery stocking tops, a milky fluid oozed from her silver gray-haired pussy slit.
It had been a hard, horny fuck...a spectacular fuck...on the couch...
They had fucked endlessly, it seemed, his naked body pounding and pounding on his godmother’s voluptuous body in the black satin garter girdle, powerfully, his naked hips and butt jackhammering between her legs sheathed in the glossy silvermist stockings. Soon, those sheer stockinged legs were raised, high, as her godson’s rigid prick penetrated her elderly pussy, devastatingly deep. She had been hot and soft and slippery inside, her aged pussy taking his deepest thrusts, her velvety pussy sheath stoking his formidable organ, lovingly, maddeningly. When he had finally jolted his steaming seed into his godmother’s waiting womb, she had held him lovingly with her lace-gloved arms and nylon stockinged legs, almost maternally, and rode with his thrashing body to the crest of the vast, overwhelming, orgasmic wave...
Then godmother and godson had laid in each other’s arms, and kissed between their moans of rapture...deep, blissful kisses...luxurating in the afterglow of their feverish fucking, their hardest and hottest fuck of all. Time had had no meaning...
He had carried his godmother, following her sultry sucking of his cock into massive erection , over to the plush couch.
“I’m going to fuck you on top now, Godmother,” he rasped to her.
“Ooohhhhh, yes, darling,” the elderly dowager had moaned, eyes closed. “I want to feel my wonderful godson on top of me...”
He had mounted his elderly, silver-haired godmother...
Deep in that head-spinning kiss with his godmother, Frank let a hand slip from around her neck. That hand slid down...down...it stroked the sleek satin of the garter girdle that compressed and shaped his godmother’s elderly figure, for a moment. Her body was soft and warm beneath the tight girdle...her body and her exertions had warmed the satin girdle, making it almost glass smooth to his touch...
His hand slipped lower...lower...he touched his godmother’s heavy, satiny upper thighs now...they were so smooth and warm...his hand went lower...his palm stroked the taut, welted top of one of her sheer, seamed silvermist stockings...her soft, flabby old thighs bulged above the taut tops of her stockings...then his hand stroked lower, lower...to the sheer stockinged thighway...
He fucked his elderly godmother with ramrodding, rapacious thrusts, ravishing her...
His palm rubbed, tinglingly, against that soft, elderly thigh, so slick-smooth sheathed in the filmy nylon stocking...with a fetishistic tremor, he recalled how those sheer stockinged legs had felt as they stroked his naked bottom as he fucked his elderly godmother hard...and deep...
Mounted on top of her, he had ordered his hypnotized godmother to guide him into her. “Yes, darling,” she had whispered, huskily, her long-dormant but now awakened sexual passion evident. Her hand, soft and warm, gently grasped his throbbing cock and guided it to the moist cleft.
He thrust home. He slid in easily, into his godmother’s lovingly lubricated cunt tunnel. He heard his godmother gasp beneath him as he penetrated her to her innermost depths.
“Darling—ooooooohhhhhhhhhh—” the elderly dowager’s moan was hot and raw. “Take me...my darling one...my sweet godson...ohhhhhhh....oooooooooooooohhhhhh—”
A white-hot haze enveloped him. With a snarl, he began the hard, body-killing thrusts into his elderly godmother’s pliant, yielding pussy.
He fucked his elderly godmother with ramrodding, rapacious thrusts, ravishing her. He fucked her, forcefully, fervently, thrusting himself to the cods into that elderly cunt tunnel. His brain whirled at the ecstatic sensations of his naked body meshing against her soft body in the tight, slick satin garter girdle, his swollen cock throbbing as it was stroked by her soft, slippery, loving pussy sheath. Meanwhile, his elderly godmother’s body undulated, hotly, against his pistoning body, marvelously, moving with him, meeting his thrusts, so that he sworded her like a knife through butter.
“You’re so hot inside,” Frank groaned to his godmother, all but unhinged by her ardent sexual submission to him. “You’re a fire inside...a blazing fire...uuuuuhhhhhh—”
Frank’s naked hips and bottom lunged and lunged with a manic rhythmn between his godmother’s aged but gorgeous legs that glimmered iridescently in those seamed, silvermist stockings, now ramrodding his rigid prick into her silver gray-haired pussy, rapaciously reaming her flaming old pussy.
Now, he moaned, “Let me feel those stockings, Godmother...let me feel—those—stockings—uuuuhhhh—”
Obediently, the aged dowager’s legs had risen...the sheer silvermist stockings glimmered iridescently over those aged but stunningly shaped legs...there was the silibant swish...swish...of sheer stockings stroking bare skin...Frank groaned, shivering with fetish fever, as his naked bottom was slowly, tantilizingly, stroked by his godmother’s sheer stockinged legs...
Frank’s brain broiled with fiery fervor. His pistoning hips and bottom blurred with speed between the sextegrarian dowager’s stroking, nylon stockinged legs. His cock was bloated with rut, pulsating torridly, as it thrust terrifically into her elderly pussy, reaming his godmother’s hot, massaging depths like a crazed Rotor-Rooter. Within a few heartbeats, his loins exploded with sudden, feverish climax. The burning spurts of his cannoning cockpole, jetting steams of his love lava into his godmother’s womb all but rent him asunder. Both godmother and godmother were overcome with burning seizures, as she climaxed too, shudderingly...the air filled with deep groans of supreme orgasmic release...Godmother and godson, in a deep clench, had rolled and rolled together, deeply intertwined, all over the carpet...groaning, moaning, cumming...cumming...cumming...
...finally, he lay atop his godmother’s body, shaking and groaning. He was still thrust to the root inside her, still cumming, unstoppably, into the aged dowager...his overheated cockpole jolted and jolted, endlessly, into her deep, warm, loving womb...Moaning amorously, his elderly godmother had wrapped her arms tightly around him, a in a deep, deep embrace...her lipsticked lips had whispered in his ear, ““My darling boy...oooohhhhhhhhh..you’ve sent me to heaven...to heaven...” Her lovely legs in the sheer seamed stockings had begun to stroke his naked bottom again, swishingly...“Feel my stockings,” her lipsticked lips whispered again. “Feel my stockings...my sweet...my love...” Then those elderly, lipsticked lips found his lips. Godmother and godson kissed, deeply, moaningly, as her nylon stockinged legs stroked his naked bottom, hotly, silkily, whilst his red-hot organ deep inside her jolted and jolted, electrically...spilling stream after stream of white-hot sperm...
Hot spurt and spurt...shuddering electric surge and surge...slick-smooth sheer stockings...stroking his bottom...hot and silky...hot heavenly cum...inside his elderly godmother’s heavenly pussy...his head spinned...skyrockets in flight...fantastic fetish delight...
For hours, it seemed, for days even, godmother and godson kissed, hot, deep kisses, as his cock soaked, finally, glowingly spent, in her loving, lubricious pussy...finally, he rolled off his godmother, unsheathing himself from her hot honey hole...she groaned as she felt her godson withdraw from her...fascinated, he stared at how his elderly godmother’s pussy overflowed with his sperm ...
Now, he broke off his sizzling Franch kiss with his elderly godmother.
“That was...fantastic...Godmother...” he murmered.
“Ohhhhhh...yesssss...” the elderly dowager moaned, eyes closed. “You divine darling boy...you went so deep in me....so deep...”
“I’ll go deeper...next time...”
“Will you...dear boy...?”
“Yes...Godmother...”
“You darling...” she moaned. “Kiss me...”
The elderly matron and her much-younger godson kissed, a long, slow time.
Frank’s mind whirled with revelation as his tounge intermingled with his godmother’s soft, sweet tounge as they French-kissed, deeply, torridly. The elderly, aristocratic dowager, under hypnosis, was the hottest of hot fucks...a gray-haired sixty-year-old nympho...hs own godmother...there may be snow on the roof, but there’s still fire in the furnace, he mused as his tounge slipped and slid against his elderly godmother’s tounge in their fused mouths.
Finally, his lips rose from his godmother’s lipsticked lips. He rose from her, on unsteady knees. He stared down at her. The elderly dowager’s aged body was a sheer of sweat, her heavily made-up face glowing with sexual fulfillment and glistening with sex-sweat that made her heavy make-up run. Her black satin garter girdle was soaked with persperation. One of her sheer, silvermist stockings had a long, ladder-like run in it from the force of their frenzied fucking.
Now, he stared again at his godmother’s elderly pussy, that aged Mount of Venus covered with the silver grey hair. The white fluid of his sperm still dribbled from the dank, darkness between her fluttering pink pussy lips.
Rarely has he cum so much...or so long...
He had hypnotized and humped his elderly godmother on the spur of the moment. His aristocratic, aged godmother had started as a crash course...now, she was going to become a permanent project...